---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/season-2-the-war-for-the-ofc-s-freedom/session-12/","updated":"2025-06-10T19:10:43.067+01:00"}
---


# Session Summery
The party travels to the Uvam Dynasty to locate Terence Witherfeather and free Drache from his contract with the Ivory Crest. Along the way, they stop in Dustwood, where they are detained by guards and questioned about their connection to Steve Ulan, who has murdered his father, Lord Ulan. The party denies involvement but learns that under Dawn Empire law, all associates of a murderer can be held responsible. They are released but are accompanied by a gnome named Captain Junior, who is tasked with observing them.

As they near the Uvam Dynasty, Mordecai confesses he is wanted in Minatota, where Witherfeather was last seen. In Minatota, the party mistakenly enters a sex club while searching for information. Here, they learn that Witherfeather is associated with Arwen Gryffon, a figure from Mordecai’s past. The club, designed to disorient and isolate patrons, quickly separates the party. Aidan is charmed and kidnapped by a tiefling, Korrigan is drugged into aiding a robbery, and Mordecai gives money to an old friend who is clearly being abused by Arwen. Eventually, they regroup and locate Arwen’s office, discovering disturbing evidence of her obsession with Mordecai, including walls adorned with scratched-out images of him and a pile of dead tieflings.

# Full Session Notes
[[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] are traveling to [[Locations/Uvam Dynasty/Uvam Dynasty\|Uvam Dynasty]] to try and find [[Named Characters & Beasts/Terence Witherfeather\|Terence Witherfeather]] to free [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Wurinn Fuuldrusch]] from his contract with the [[Groups & Factions/Ivory Crest\|Ivory Crest]]. Along the way they make a stop at [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Dustwood\|Dustwood]]. As soon as they enter the small village they are taken in by [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Dustwood\|DUstwood]] guards to a questioning room. Through being questioned [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] find out that [[The Party/Other Party Members/Steve Ulan\|Steve Ulan]] has murdered his father [[Named Characters & Beasts/Lord Ulan †\|Lord Ulan †]]. He is currently on trail and facing an almost certain death sentence. However, according to [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The Dawn Empire\|The Dawn Empire]] law, all known associates of the murderer involved in the murder of lord are responsible for the murder of [[Named Characters & Beasts/Lord Ulan †\|Lord Ulan †]] and will also receive the same punishment.

After denying this, [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] is left alone for moment while ther guard is gone to get something. [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] start to strategies before it is revealed a gnome called [[Named Characters & Beasts/Captain Junior\|Captain Junior]] was watching them from the rood the whole time. [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] is let free but they are to be accompanied by Junior everywhere they go to see if they are caught out by the gnome. 

As [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] get closer to [[Locations/Uvam Dynasty/Uvam Dynasty\|Uvam Dynasty]], [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai Reverence]], learning from [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]] and Drache's mistakes, confesses to being wanted in [[Locations/Uvam Dynasty/Uvam Dynasty\|Uvam Dynasty]] and in particular the town [[Locations/Uvam Dynasty/Minatota/Minatota\|Minatota]] where people have mentioned seeing Witherfeather. Mordecai reluctantly agrees and [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] enter [[Locations/Uvam Dynasty/Uvam Dynasty\|Uvam Dynasty]] and find their way to [[Locations/Uvam Dynasty/Minatota/Minatota\|Minatota]]. 

[[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] unknowingly enter a sex club after trying to find information on Witherfeather. after Drache accidentally buys an extremely expensive drink for the place, [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] learn the wizard had been spotted at nightclub called the [[Locations/Uvam Dynasty/Minatota/Nightshade's Crown\|Nightshade's Crown]] and is known to hang out with a person called [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Mordecai's Backstory & Family/Arwen Gryffon\|Arwen Gryffon]]. Mordecai goes pale when learning this. Mordecai has a sip of a really strong drink for courage, warns everyone to try and stick together as the club was designed to isolate and rob people. Unfortunately thew club was much more disorientating than expected and [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] is split up almost immediately. Here are the vents of the club:
- [[The Party/Aiden Knight\|Aiden Knight]], is charmed and kidnapped by a Teifling 
- [[The Party/The Korrigan\|The Korrigan]] talks to some shifty looking characters who try to pick pocket him. He is confused why people would want to pickpocket and gives them the money anyway. They buy drinks together and the bartender spikes Korrigan with the suggestion potion
- Drache and Chenris try to find Mordecai.
- Mordecai gives money to an old friend who looks ROUGH because they’re clearly being abused by Arwen.
- Aidan comes to being tied to a bed with all his equipment stolen and the tiefling informing an old man that “they’d found another one for him” and he knocks Aidan out cold.
- Mordecai locates the office but finds it locked
- Korrigan is drugged into helping a bunch of people rob the club of money
- Mordecai Chenris and Drache all try and help Korrigan out of that situation
- Mordecai says he can’t go into the office but says for them to say in exchange for knowledge about the club, he tells them where Terrance is

[[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] enter Arwen's office to find the walls adorned in pictures of Mordecai with the eyes scratched out and a pile of dead tieflings under it.