---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/season-2-the-war-for-the-ofc-s-freedom/session-10/","updated":"2025-08-11T11:53:32.387+01:00"}
---



# Session Summery
The party returns to Dustwood, dismisses Captain Junior, and heads to Farpost. Along the way, Chenris and Korrigan make a risky deal, exchanging information for Drache's soul contract. This leads to some confusion with directions, resulting in the group taking a wrong turn, which they correct after Mordecai intervenes. On the road, they encounter a Merchant Guild caravan that refuses to interact with them, raising suspicions. Upon arriving in Farpost, they deliver important notes to Commander Arez, who sends troops to protect Steelwick and readies his forces for a major battle against the Dawn Empire, rewarding the party before they depart.

Back in Steelwick, the party stays at an Adventurers Guild, where Aidan has an emotional conversation with Mordecai about his troubled past. The next morning, Chenris encounters Merek the Wise, and instead of informing Mordecai, he tells Korrigan, leading to a bizarre situation where Korrigan takes Merek to the [[Locations/Feywild/Feywild\|Feywild]] and secures a future favor from him. The party then focuses on rescuing Steve Ulan, with Mordecai and Aidan infiltrating a tower disguised as guards. Just as they plan their escape, a black dragon sent by [[Groups & Factions/The Auditors\|The Auditors]] arrives to help them. The dragon takes the entire party back to Blackwall, where they find the city prepared for battle and the Goblin Mafia negotiating with Genevieve for control of Steelwick.

# Full Session Notes
(x:: [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] go through the portal back to [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Dustwood\|Dustwood]] and get rid of [[Named Characters & Beasts/Captain Junior\|Captain Junior]] and venture on to [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Farpost\|Farpost]]. [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]] and [[The Party/Dead/Kal ‡\|Kal ‡]] (much to the fear of the rest of the party) strike a deal of information exchange for [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Wurinn Fuuldrusch]]'s soul contract, which Chenris reluctantly agrees to. Chenris ends up learning about the [[The Ancient Pillars\|The Ancient Pillars]] and Korrigan's plans to do something to the pillar in lost haven on behalf of lorwyn. For some reason the party also left these in charge of directions resulting tin the party going the wrong direction. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai Reverence]], concerned that Korrigan had picked up Chenris’ navigation skills, pointed out they needed to turn around. )

(x:: Along the road as they're turning around, a [[Groups & Factions/Merchant Guild\|Merchant Guild]] caravan full of important weaponry refuses to let us interact with them, Chenris noted that they had a lot of guards and seemed to be going in the direction of [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Farpost\|Farpost]].)

(x:: The party go deliver the two notes to [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Farpost\|Farpost]]. As they're walking through the town, they note that the town and its soldiers are gearing up a for a large scale attack. In the middle of town is a make ship command centre, where the party meet [[Named Characters & Beasts/Commander Arez †\|Commander Arez †]]. After giving the command the two notes he sends troupes over to [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Steelwick/Steelwick\|Steelwick]] to give them some protection and upon reading the first note from [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Dawnhaven/Dawnhaven\|Dawnhaven]] have, commands that the troupes get ready for battle, they are heading to the [[Locations/OFC/Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)\|OFC]]. He gives them some money for their quest and then heads off to make his own preparations. [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] leave, but not before Chenris gets a good look at their battle map to see where troupes are. )

(x:: Much to Chenris' dismay, the party head back to Steelwick to save [[The Party/Other Party Members/Steve Ulan\|Steve Ulan]]. As they are traveling through the rolling hills of The Dawn, Aidan spots a mysterious black figure off in the distance. Drawn in he recognises the creature's uncanny lack of face and the familiar pain of looking at [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/The Ethertwist Haunter\|The Ethertwist Haunter]] too long. Aidan, who had been becoming more and more unstable with matters related to [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|Chronovorus]] and his [[Groups & Factions/Religious Organisations/The Black Cult\|black cult]] immediately yelled in fear and looked away and suffered the penalty to his memory and forgot. His quip of fear immediately alerted the rest of the part to something being wrong questioned the rouge on what scared him so. Upon hearing that he doesn't remember, that group struggle to arrive to a conclusion since they were sure [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/The Ethertwist Haunter\|The Ethertwist Haunter]] had been vanquished long ago. )

(x:: They also start to frantically look around to investigate when Chenris turns to see the herald at the edge of the woods, ever the most pragmatic member of the group, immediately write downs at [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/The Ethertwist Haunter\|the haunter]] is near on his arm before alerting the rest of the part to it presence. Before looking away to save his mind from the psychic punishment of the beast. Now consciously aware of the danger and where it is, the group strategise on how to deal with their predicament. Chenris remembers one of their battles in [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/The Black Woods\|The Black Woods]] and tells everyone to close their eyes and ignore the beast. One by one they adhere to his advice, even when it was standing right next to them, letting of a dangerous aura, the group held strong and [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/The Ethertwist Haunter\|the haunter]] eventually retreated for now. )

(x:: Clearly shaken from the unpredictable events that had just transpired, Korrigan realises that someone must not have burned their most prized possession, not only causing the [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/The Black Ritual\|ritual]] to fail but to make their sacrifice next to worthless. Angered Korrigan devises a scheme to route out the traitor, he suggest to the group that if he charms people one by one then he can exonerate people quickly and reliably as they would be unable to lie to him. Drache volunteers to go first before Mordecai is able to point how unethical this plan is. Chenris, who had be uncharacteristically silent since [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/The Ethertwist Haunter\|the haunter]] had retreated, joined in on the chorus of dissatisfaction. Korrigan immediately becomes suspicious as in his mind, this is a simple and easy way to determine the traitor and if people are against it then they must have secrets they wish to hide. Mordecai counters by pointing out the fact that Korrigan could be the one responsible and he cannot charm himself. Korrigan agrees and offers to be put under the command spell from Chenris to be checked out himself. )

(x:: Chenris casts his spell and says the word "truth" forcing the party member to not only clear any suspicions about his involvement with the ritual but also divulge his status as [[Gods & Heralds/Lorwyn/Lorwyn\|Lorwyn]]'s one and only herald. Now acutely aware of the flaw in his plan, relents but vows to learn who the mastermind of this plot is. After so many revelations in such a short space of time time, the party travel the rest of the distance in silent contemplation as they try to figure out who the trait is within their ranks.  )

(x:: Apart from their fateful encounter, they make good time and they get there just as night is falling and the party stay the night at an [[Groups & Factions/Adventurers Guild\|Adventurers Guild]]. Soon after their arrival, [[The Party/Aiden Knight\|Aiden Knight]] sheepishly asked Mordecai if they wanted to talk to them about what happened in [[Locations/Uvam Dynasty/Minatota/Minatota\|Minatota]]. The rest of the party hide at the top of the stairs and ears dropped the conversation [Scooby Doo Style](https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&url=https%3A%2F%2Fscoobydoomistakes.tumblr.com%2Fpost%2F167541852875%2Fok-so-the-gang-is-investigating-a-mysterious&psig=AOvVaw1f50zPDYnXzion6KP0Sflp&ust=1715696520642000&source=images&cd=vfe&opi=89978449&ved=0CBIQjRxqFwoTCMDrlN_pioYDFQAAAAAdAAAAABAE). Aidan explained that he doesn’t know how to function outside of being a weapon to be pointed at others and explained how he was sorry since being locked up in that sell took him back to his childhood which is a very traumatic time for him. Mordecai ends up telling him that he needs to get his shit together and stop trying to push away from the group as they are there to help them and they hug it out. Korrigan [[Admin/Spells/Misty Step\|misty step]] into a the room to give him a hug as drache and chenris run off. Aidan cry’s himself to sleep.)

(x:: In the morning, Chenris is going for a walk, when he runs in to [[Named Characters & Beasts/Merek The Wise\|Merek The Wise]]. Chenris immediately tells Korrigan and not Mordecai because Mordecai is “a buzzkill”. Korrigan is furious, walks down the stairs and says "Remember me? " and takes Merek to the [[Locations/Feywild/Feywild\|Feywild]]s in a puff of magenta smoke and laughter. Korrigan said that Merck owed him a debt as his actions resulted in his death. He asks him for his name, to which Merek declines. After trying a few times, Korrigan gives up and even gives him a gift Merek accepts, korrigan starts to manically laugh as the gift was accepted, binding Merck into a fey contract unknown to Merck.)

(x:: Meanwhile, in the adventures guild, Mordecai keep trying to stop them for alerting the guards that Merek had been kidnapped. Mordecai also intimidates the rest of Merek’s party into saying that they’re friends and Korrigan and Merek were having a moment together in private because they were besties. When the Korrigan and Merek return, Korrigan is very happy with himself since he now has a favour that he can call in whenever he likes. )

(x:: The party find the town preparing for the hanging and they try and figure out a game plan for saving Steve. Korrigan makes a net of vines as a cushion in case he fell off the tower when he climbs up it later. The fall would defiantly kill him, but having some on on the inside of the tower would be super useful and he could tell Steve what was happening. Mordecai uses [Disguise Self](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/disguise-self) to make him look like a guard and sneaks in to the tower with Aidan. They tell the guard that they’re changing shifts and the guard is too exhausted to question it and leaves. Aidan breaks the lock and Mordecai reveals that they’ve come to save him. As they're trying to figure out how to escape with Steve, when a massive [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/The Auditors/The Black Dragon\|black dragon]] arrives at the window at 3am and they all climb aboard, it was sent by [[Groups & Factions/The Auditors\|The Auditors]], but the dragon didn't know [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/The Auditors/Xekai\|Xekai]].)

(x:: Chenris are currently own on the streets of Steelwick distracting the guards as they see this massive black dragon fly to the castle. The guards all now approach the castle to investigate the dragon as it come down to pick up the two of them. Mordecai [Messages](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/message) Chenris not to panic as they’re about to be grabbed by a dragon. Riding on the dragon, the party get flown all the way to the [[Locations/OFC/Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)\|OFC]] where they find Xekai and the city of [[Locations/OFC/Blackwall/Blackwall\|Blackwall]] battle ready with [[Named Characters & Beasts/Genevieve †\|Genevieve †]] coordinating everything. when the party arrive, [[Groups & Factions/Goblin Mafia\|Goblin Mafia]] are trying to strike a deal with [[Named Characters & Beasts/Genevieve †\|Genevieve †]] for troupes in return for access to steelwick. )
