---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/season-2-the-war-for-the-ofc-s-freedom/session-13/","updated":"2025-06-14T14:02:19.712+01:00"}
---


# Session Summary
After subduing Aidan Knight and stabilizing him, the party is ambushed by a goblin mage who uses powerful ancient magic to increase gravity, incapacitating them. Chenris Tallfellow manages to dispel the magic on Korrigan, who attempts to shoot the mage but misses as the mage turns invisible. With the situation worsening and Arwen Gryffon approaching with goblins, Chenris attempts to stop the mage but fails, causing the party to black out. They awaken in Aeloria's library, where she offers to help them level up in exchange for information. They later find themselves captured and forced to mine in a goblin-controlled area, but manage to escape using a combination of deception, magic, and scouting from Korrigan's summoned bird, Zephyr. The party retrieves their gear and escapes to Steelwick, where they find the city deserted due to a trial.

The next morning, after a brief altercation between Mordecai and Aidan, Drache convinces the party to save Steve Ulan, who is on trial for murder. They disguise themselves to infiltrate the courtroom, but their efforts to defend Steve result in his execution sentence. Despite the setback, they receive a note from Xekai with instructions on breaking Steve out. Meanwhile, Chenris and Korrigan explore a local library to learn more about the gods. The session ends with Xekai advising the party to seek reinforcements in Dustwood for Steelwick, opening a portal to facilitate their journey.

# Full Session Notes
(x:: After the events of the last session, [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai Reverence]], [[Named Characters & Beasts/Terence Witherfeather\|Terence Witherfeather]] and [[The Party/The Korrigan\|The Korrigan]] knock out [[The Party/Aiden Knight\|Aiden Knight]] before is able to hurt anyone else. [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]] stabilises Aidan to make sure he doesn't die. Suddenly a goblin mage appears on top of a roof and then suddenly gravity becomes much stronger and all the party hit the floor. Chenris then had a realisation that this was Ancient goblin magic and used [[Other Information/Display Tags/Dispel Ancient Goblin Magic\|Dispel Ancient Goblin Magic]], as this was his second time using this feature, he was learning on the fly how to use it. The spell only works on one person at a time. He free Korrigan so he can use his bow to take down the mage but misses and has no more spell slots left. The mage also has now turned invisible. )

Chenris freed himself and gave Korrigan the help action to try and find the mage again since Korrigan has the best vison out everyone. they find the mage and start trying to attack and get a number of hits off on the mage, but not enough to kill it. As this is happening, gravity is getting stronger and people are starting to lose consciousness. To make matters worse, Mordecai spots [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Mordecai's Backstory & Family/Arwen Gryffon\|Arwen Gryffon]] approaching the party with large battle axes and a legion of Goblins. As a last ditched effort, chenris uses [Misty Step](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/misty-step) to appear next to the mage but misses his [Inflict Wounds](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/inflict-wounds) and the whole party blacks out. 

(x:: When the party opens their eyes they are in [[Gods & Heralds/Aeloria/Aeloria\|Aeloria]]'s library and there is a soul for each member of the party except Chenris. [[Gods & Heralds/Aeloria/Aeloria\|Aeloria]] states that she will help the party get stronger  as she is a fan of how much information she is getting out of the party. )

(x:: When the party wake up in the real world they are chained up in mine. Chenris and Korrigan are quick to point out that this seems very similar to the [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Steelwick/Iron Forge\| Ancient Dwarven Stronghold]]. They currently have none of their equipment. The party is in a cage that is guarded by two goblins in chain mail. in an attempt to escape, Korrigan charms one of the guards. the other guard stops everything a demands that the other is un-charm so he can be disposed of after being such an embarrassment. Korrigan says he'll release the charm if the goblin is not harmed after and the goblin agrees. As soon as he is un-charmed he told to take his break and then off screened. This deeply saddens Korrigan as he realises he is directly responsible for for someones death. )

(x:: Soon after this the party is taken deeper into the mines and told to mine or Mordecai will have to watch as all his friends are killed and then be sent to Arwen. So Drache picks up a pickaxe and absolutely obliterates a wall in the cave, openly to find some eyes staring back at him, commanding he covers up the hole. Their captors tell them to keep mining or they'll kill everyone. When Drache starts mining again, Chenris casts [Thaumaturgy](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/thaumaturgy) to make the whole mine shake  likes there about to be cave-in so that people start clearing out the area. Soon Drache uncovers a tunnel and many goblins rush past them. The party's captors tell  them to start moving down the tunnel since their work is *finished*.)

(x:: Now the party are actively trying to escape. Mordecai and Drache start speaking in draconic to try and hatch a plan. they decide they need a distraction to be able to escape. At the same time as this Korrigan starts saying hi in all his respective languages until Chenris replies in Primordial. they both hatch a plan where Korrigan needs a bunch of time to summon an animal to help them out. Chenris immediately jumps into action and beckons the guard over to what he declares is a ancient dwarven glyph on the wall that could point them to treasure (its just a crack in the wall). This is enough of a distraction for Korrigan to explain to Mordecai and drache that he is going to summon a bird that drache could use beast sense to see and hear out of. Mordecai then adds to the distraction and this is enough to summon the bird and have drache swap his sense. The bird, Korrigan has affectionally names [[The Party/Other Party Members/Familiars/Zephyr\|Zephyr]], then flies down the tunnel and drache relays everything he sees, including over 60 goblins troupes marching down the tunnel as well as an old rickety door that the bird is able to break down and see outside. There is a small camp out in the mountain side with many dead humanoid slaves - the parties fate if they don't get out of this first. )

(x:: As soon as the 60 goblins had walked past them, the party jumped the goblin leading them and killed him with no incident. Whatever path the party took, they were going to need their gear or they had no chance of surviving in the mountains. after a brief discussion they decided to send [[The Party/Other Party Members/Familiars/Zephyr\|Zephyr]] back into he mines to find their stuff, once they found it the party used Terrance Witherfeather to make a portal to their belongings. Going through the portal they realised they were in the library of the [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Steelwick/Iron Forge\| Ancient Dwarven Stronghold]], meaning they could use their secret exit found in the captains quarters to escape unnoticed by the 100 or so goblin gathering in the courtyard. The party safely navigates back to the surfaces and find themselves in the middle of [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Steelwick/Steelwick\|Steelwick]].)

(x:: The streets of [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Steelwick/Steelwick\|Steelwick]] were completely deserted, and since it was becoming night the party deiced to the [[Groups & Factions/Adventurers Guild\|Adventurers Guild]] to rest up and ask whats happening. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Boris Johnson\|Boris Johnson]] at the guild says that most people are watching the trial for the murder of [[Named Characters & Beasts/Lord Ulan †\|Lord Ulan †]] by his son, [[The Party/Other Party Members/Steve Ulan\|Steve Ulan]]. The party decide to sleep on it and decide what to do in the morning. Aidan decided to go find his missing horse and stayed the night in a tree nearby.)

(x:: The next morning the party find Aidan in his tree and Mordecai, still not happy with him for what he did to the tiefling in [[Locations/Uvam Dynasty/Minatota/Minatota\|Minatota]], used [Hideous Laughter](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/hideous-laughter) to knock him out the tree for a laugh. )

(x:: Drache slowly convinces Mordecai to save Steve since he was obviously misguided in dealing with his anger and needs someone to help him become a better person, since everyone should get a second chance. Chenris however said "fuck him, he got himself in this mess, he can get him out" and walks off to the local library to learn more about the [[The Ashen Pantheon\|The Ashen Pantheon]]. Korrigan ends up joining him. Chenris wants to to go to the library to learn more about the Gods so he finds a book called [[Books, Documents & Artefacts/An Incomplete Guide to the Gods\|An Incomplete Guide to the Gods]].)

(x:: Deciding that they need disguises to get in to the courtroom, Mordecai puts [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Wurinn Fuuldrusch]] in drag and then used [Disguise Self](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/disguise-self) to make himself look like a tall buff human. Mordecai panics and accidentally refers to [[The Party/Other Party Members/Dragche\|Dragche]] as his wife to try and sneak into the courtroom (forgetting this is the racist place that doesn't like interracial marriages. Once inside the courtroom, Mordecai and Drache find [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/The Auditors/Xekai\|Xekai]] is giving a character reference of Steve when they enter (immediately clicking that it is Drache in drag). however the audience are not convinced until Mordecai starts shouted out in defence of Steve and saying Xekai is only speaking the truth and Steve should be freed - a few people are convinced. Drache try join in and convince people to free him which scares a lot people and making them leave - this really depressed Steve)

(x:: Soon after this Korrigan runs in and try to start a resolution around the fact that the [[Groups & Factions/Goblin Mafia\|Goblin Mafia]] are planning an attack on the city in an attempt to speed up the trial - he succeeds in speeding up the trial, however it ends with Steve being sent for execution. The three of them make their move to leave the court room slightly depressed with the undesirably result, get stopped by Xekai. He hands them a note that contains [[Books, Documents & Artefacts/Steve's Cell Location\|Steve's Cell Location]] and a time to break him out. )

(x:: During all of this Chenris went to the library to learn a bit more about the gods of [[Locations/The Amber Realms\|The Amber Realms]] and found a book called [[Books, Documents & Artefacts/An Incomplete Guide to the Gods\|An Incomplete Guide to the Gods]].)

(x:: After thew whole party regroups, they meet Xekai and tells them to not only the delivery to [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Farpost\|Farpost]], they note they got as a quest back in [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Dawnhaven/Dawnhaven\|Dawnhaven]] they should also go to [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Dustwood\|Dustwood]] to try and get reinforcements for steelwick. He opens a portal there so the party don't waste too much time. )
