---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/season-2-the-war-for-the-ofc-s-freedom/session-11/","updated":"2025-08-19T16:47:44.681+01:00"}
---


# Session Summery
[[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] decides to hire goblin troops, despite Korrigan's objections, and dismisses the idea of seeking help from Fort Tulan or [[Groups & Factions/The Golden Fleet\|The Golden Fleet]] due to logistical and reliability concerns. After a tense night involving [[The Party/Aiden Knight\|Aiden Knight]] stealing [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]]'s cloak, the group is chastised by [[Named Characters & Beasts/Genevieve †\|Genevieve †]] for oversleeping on the day of the war. They quickly present a detailed battle strategy, which includes using trolls and treants in a pincer manoeuvre, creating a sea blockade, and deploying various magical and aerial tactics. Satisfied, [[Named Characters & Beasts/Genevieve †\|Genevieve †]] sends them to the front lines where Mordecai delivers an inspiring speech that boosts their forces' morale.

As the battle begins, [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]]'s strategy initially holds, with their forces inflicting significant damage on [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The Dawn Empire\|The Dawn Empire]]'s troops. However, the enemy's use of a powerful cannon and formidable commanders like [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Galen Verix ‡\|Galen Verix ‡]] and [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/The Sundering Characters/Caden SteelBreaker †\|Caden SteelBreaker †]] complicates the fight. Despite heavy losses, including an intense aerial battle, [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] manages to neutralize the cannon and gains the upper hand. In a final duel, they face and defeat the commanders, including a resurrecting Galen. With the timely arrival of [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/The Auditors/Xekai\|Xekai]] and a near-miraculous save from [[Named Characters & Beasts/Genevieve †\|Genevieve †]], [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] prevails, leading to the retreat of [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The Dawn Empire\|The Dawn Empire]]'s forces and securing the OFC's freedom.

# Full Session Notes
(x:: After a brief conversation with [[Named Characters & Beasts/Genevieve †\|Genevieve †]], they can't decide weather to hire the goblins so they put it up to a vote with Chenris noting that they can use the goblin troupes as sacrificial pawns in the fight to make them easier to deal with later on. [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] votes 4-1 with Kal being the odd one out to hire the goblins. They also decide that contacting [[Groups & Factions/The Tulan Fort\|The Tulan Fort]] and [[Groups & Factions/The Golden Fleet\|The Golden Fleet]] isn't worth it. [[Groups & Factions/The Tulan Fort\|The Tulan Fort]] just isn't close enough to the [[Locations/OFC/Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)\|OFC]] to be able to make in time and the Fleet is just too unreliable. With that chenris motions for some guards to bring back the goblins and they agree to a deal. [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] had to physically force Korrigan to sign the contract.)

(x:: Korrigan, ever the propionate of free will, is left to stew in his frustration over being forced to do something against his will. That and the ongoing frustration of not knowing who the trait of the group is, springs to action. Interrupting the group's strategy meeting, he declares he knows how to find the betrayer in their ranks and uses his fey pact to summon [[Named Characters & Beasts/Merek The Wise\|Merek The Wise]] to his aid. Upon realising what is happening Merek starts to profusely sweat with worry and fear and timidly asks what is required of him. With a manic laugh, he tells Merek that if he uncovers who is responsible for failing the ritual and not banishing [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/The Ethertwist Haunter\|The Ethertwist Haunter]], then is free of his debt. Merek is frozen in fear before being hurried off to do his job. Satisfied with the results of his actions he turns to the rest of [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] and asks what preparation for the war need to be done. A moment of hesitation, [[Named Characters & Beasts/Genevieve †\|Genevieve †]] gets back to explaining the the dire situation the OFC is in. Even with [[Groups & Factions/The Emerald Fort\|The Emerald Fort]] troupes, they are still out numbered at least 5 to 1. The Dawn has more airships, warships and heavy duty weaponry at their disposal as well. She also makes note that even though the OFC does have access to ships and airships, these are all small and/or merchant vessels meaning if they are all lost then their nation will be crippled in their trade capabilities after the war, even if they were to win. )

Chenris speaks up and tells everyone present not to worry about this area of the battle field, gesturing broadly to the oceanic front behind [[Locations/OFC/Blackwall/Blackwall\|Blackwall]], Stating he had a plan and needed to leave to make preparations. In the mean time, the rest of them should focus on getting more troupes for the war effort. With that, he turns on his heals, and leaves the war room, his destination? The [[Groups & Factions/Mage's Guild\|Mage's Guild]]. Once he reached his destination he approaches the clerk at the front desk and asks if there is anyone among their members that are proficient in large scare weather manipulation. The clerk mentions that [[Named Characters & Beasts/Terence Witherfeather\|Terence Witherfeather]] is a strong mage with access to that magic but is not powerful enough to affect such a wide area as the elf described. They pause to think for a moment before tentatively suggesting to talk to a one [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/Agolin Winterbor\|Agolin Winterbor]] who can be found in the basement. Chenris thanks them for their time and goes to find this mysterious mage.

(x:: Exploring the dank and dark crypt of [[Locations/OFC/Blackwall/The Black Tower\|the Black Tower]] Chenris walks past the familiar of the a necromancer he encountered back what felt like an age to find the door with the name plate depicting Winterbor's name. Approaching the door, Chenris couldn't help but notice the distinct sound of splashing his boots made as we walked through the steady stream of water flowing from under the very door he was searching for. Braising himself for the worst, he opened the door to a sight no amount of steeled nerves could prepare him for. Before him was study room that had been drenched in water top top bottom. In the middle of the room was a large thunder cloud pouring out a seemingly infinite amount of water, evidently the source of the black towers new water feature. Dancing around the cloud was Mr. Winterbor himself, a middle aged man with his wizard robes tucked into and adult dipper and a head adorned with a safety helmet. Taking a short moment to absorb the scene, Chenris walked in and tried to get the attention of the mage dancing around his conjured weather phenomenon. After a few failed attempts, Winterbor stops dancing and beckons the elf in to have a seat on a nearby water logged chair. Doing his best to use magic to dry their chair before sitting down. )

(x:: Clearly excited by Chenris' use for magic, Winterbor asks with all the charisma of a mad man if Chenris wanted to have tea. Chenris politely declines and tries to get to the heart of issue for his presence there. He starts to explain that the nation is at war with the Dawn and they need his help to stop their approach by sea. But before he can get any further, Winterbor asks him what a nation is and why is it fighting the sun in the morning. Realising that this man truly is mad but power, Chenris switches gears and says a friend called Terrance is desperate to have a tea party with him but isn't able to because some bad men are trying to stop him. Winterbor goes red with rage and ask how to stop the bad men and allow for this beloved tea party to happen. Chenris explains that they can be stopped if he causes a great big storm when is given a signal to and finish when he is given the all clear. The mad mage is filled with determination and agrees to help. Chenris thanks him for his time, but before he leaves he give [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/Agolin Winterbor\|Agolin Winterbor]] a quick examination to try and find the source of the man's madness. Explaining it as he was making sure winterbor is in good health for tea party since he wouldn't want to be sick and miss such a fun time. )

(x:: Halfway through his investigation the flow of time slows, fearing the influence of [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|Chronovorus]], Chenris readies himself for combat but is instead confronted by, what can only be described as, two demons that appear on the mad mage's shoulders. Chenris questions if they are the reason for [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/Agolin Winterbor\|Agolin Winterbor]]'s current condition and they conform his suspicions saying its really funny. Chenris ask why they would do this to such a bright mage. The demons laugh and state they did this because he was poking his nose in a place it shouldn't belong and we needed some entertainment. After getting over the initial shock of such otherworldly creatures, Chenris is able to determine these a creatures as what the academic community call [[Named Characters & Beasts/Beasts & Animals/Magic Demons\|Magic Demons]], hailing from The Realm of Magic. A place deeply entangled but distinct from one that all humanoids walk, and the source for all the world's magic. Not much is known about this realm or the creatures before the elf, but one thing if for certain, Chenris was in the presence of some very powerful creatures and one wrong move could spell his end. Putting up his best facade, Chenris laughs and acknowledged that is hilarious to watch such a great mage fall from such heights to the shivering mess of a man before him. The demons give great belly laughs before saying in a much more serious tone "You should also watch what you stick your nose into." before disappearing and allowing for the passage of time to continue as normal. Winterbor excitedly asks if he is ready for a grand tea party. Chenris, holding back his panic, affirms his readiness and tells him he will be picked up when the time is right and makes his exit with Winterbor returning to his antics. )

(x:: In the basement corridor, Chenris take a deep breath and starts to prepare some instructions for the guards on what they need to do with Winterbor. Leaving the basement, he returns to the clerk who seems surprised that he is even alive and congratulates him on his safe return. They exchange a quick comment about the mad mage before chenris moves on to ask if they know where [[Named Characters & Beasts/Terence Witherfeather\|Terence Witherfeather]] is. As it turns out, Witherfeather had been in the foyer the whole time and Chenris just had seen him. Approaching the wizard, he apologises for his rudeness and asks for his help in closing off the seas. Terrance agrees to help and allegedly knew [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/Agolin Winterbor\|Agolin Winterbor]] before he had gone mad stating that in his prime, Agolin was one of the great wizards of current era. Chenris vows to find out why he went mad and return him to normal and ask if Terrance new anything. The wizard only knew that Winterbor was working on some secret project with The Dean of the mages guild before he went missing and Winterbor went mad. The wizard hasn't been in seen in nearly 5 years and that is the unfortunate end of Terrance's knowledge on the subject. Chenris thanks him for the information and his aid in the war and apologises as he must run to prepare for the rest of the war. They bid farewell as Chenris rejoins the rest of [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] in the war room. )

(x:: As he enters the room he gives a guard the instructions he wrote earlier and told them to dispatch a small 3 man squad to carry out these instructions and emphasised the importance and swiftness needed to carry out everything to the letter. The guard rushes off and Chenris asks if they came up with any ideas. Korrigan offers that they could go to the  [[Locations/Feywild/Feywild\|Feywild]] and try to enlist troupes form there as having the might of the fey creatures on their side could be enough turn the tide of the war. Chenris agrees and suggests they should head immediately to broker a deal, then once they have everything inline they will discuss the full war strategy. But before they can all leave Korrigan states there is one last bit of business to attend to. The group confused, ask what the boy means. With a large grin plastered on his face, he gleefully says "Well we can't go to war without knowing who betrayed us, can we?!" and summons Merek. Merek rushes in looking even more terrified than before, asking why he was summoned. Korrigan says "Why it's time to reveal your findings of course!". The halving stammers and chokes his way through saying that he didn't have enough time to figure it out. Korrigan is visibly mad, seeing this the halfling gets out the staff he was gifted the other day and shouts. )

(x:: "FUCK THIS, WE'LL USE MAGIC TO FIGURE IT OUT!!" All of a sudden, the room is engulfed in swirling purple storm clouds and Merek starts be lifted into the air. His eyes pulsating with powerful magical energy. [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] watches as they watch flashes of adventure flash into Merek's mind before eyes return to normal and looks down and points at Chenris "IT WAS YOU!!!" before collapsing to the ground unconscious. Everyone in the room stare in stunned silence at Chenris before Mordecai ask if it is true. Chenris reluctantly confirms it to be true, noting there being little point in lying. [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] jointly question on his actions and wanting to know the method to his betrayal. Chenris, clearly annoyed at his secret shame being revealed, states that this is not the time, nor place to discuss this when the nation will be heading into war in the morning.)

(x:: Korrigan, satisfied with finally knowing what is going on, takes Chenris and Mordecai to the [[Locations/Feywild/Feywild\|Feywilds]] and guides them to what is known as the [[Locations/Feywild/Seelie Court\|Seelie Court]]. A place priming with magical fey energy where all of the Arch Fey gather to discuss their plans. Its a large room and on the outskirts are seats for all the beneficiaries. Opposite the door, are 3 seats one presumable for [[Gods & Heralds/Lorwyn/Lorwyn\|Lorwyn]], one on her right Korrigan as her [[Gods & Heralds/Herald\|herald]] and one her where [[Named Characters & Beasts/Queen Titania\|Queen Titania]] - the head of the court is sat. She stands to announce that court is now in session.  With that the excited hubbub subsides to give space for [[Named Characters & Beasts/Queen Titania\|Queen Titania]] speak, She asks what they want - noting that the non-fey are only here as they are with [[Gods & Heralds/Lorwyn/Lorwyn\|Lorwyn]]'s [[Gods & Heralds/Herald\|herald]]. Each word escaping her mouth as if it was a challenge to even cordial in the presence of someone who can challenge her authority. Korrigan starts to explain their sudden need for the court to convene but [[Named Characters & Beasts/Queen Titania\|Queen Titania]] cuts him off as she already knows what he wants and he can't have it. Mordecai speak up and after a long back and forth, manages to convince her to consider their plea. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Queen Titania\|Queen Titania]] doesn't care for the well being a human nation but admits it might be funny to allow them to make their plea to [[Locations/Feywild/Feywild\|feywild]] and see who answers their call if they make a deal with her. Korrigan asks what sort of deal she would like and confesses he only wants one thing: Chaos and instability. In return for calling on the fey for support he must see for chaos than normal. Korrigan instantly agrees before the other two can question what she means by this. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Queen Titania\|Queen Titania]] laughs as the deal has been made. She excited exclaims that the [[Other Information/Races/Tiefling\|Tiefling]]'s magic is now even more unstable and will happen more often, Mordecai's jaw drops as he starts to panic. )

(x:: [[Named Characters & Beasts/Queen Titania\|Queen Titania]] then turns to Korrigan and asks if that is all. Korrigan, clearly still angry at Chenris's betrayal, says "No, make him suffer". With glee on her and a chorus of laughter from the fey around them he says "You elf, you must help korrigan here when the time is right. You must also deal with the same magical instability or lose our support entirely!". Without any options, Chenris agrees and the whole court erupts in laugher that is almost deafening to the 3 of them. As they are leaving, the two confront korrigan for his stupidity, with Mordecai exclaiming "Do you even know what you've done?!?" Korrigan apologises, saying he had no idea she would be so unkind. Chenris chips in saying that its happened now and we finally have a chance at winning this war. With Mordecai unwilling to explain his outburst of fury and tears any further, falls to the back of the group with his emotions all but seeping out of him as they return to the war room. Declaring they now have enough troupes for the war, [[Named Characters & Beasts/Genevieve †\|Genevieve †]] lets out a large sigh of relief. Everyone now thoroughly exhausted from a day of strategy, revelation and negotiations they turn to go to bed. With little else to do and some still stunned from the revelation, [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] join him and go to bed. )

(x:: [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] are sleeping in the minsters rooms which are very comfortable and even have baths ready for them 24/7, for many of [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] this is their first time sleeping in comfortable rooms with all of them oversleeping due to how comfortable they were. During the night [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]]' cloak was stolen by [[The Party/Aiden Knight\|Aiden Knight]]. this infuriates chenris cause him to explode at Aidan for stealing his stuff, to which the rest of [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] try to confront him about [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/The Ethertwist Haunter\|The Ethertwist Haunter]]. He says "touche" and heads over the the council room, where they find [[Named Characters & Beasts/Genevieve †\|Genevieve †]] waiting for them.)

She's mad because they overslept on the big day of the war. [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The Dawn Empire\|The Dawn Empire]]'s forces are slowly approaching and would arrive very soon. She also questions them heavily on whatever the fuck they did yesterday since within the walls of [[Locations/OFC/Blackwall/Blackwall\|Blackwall]] there was a black dragon, fairies, Tree ents, goblins, trolls and airships. They apologise and say these are their forces to back up the [[Locations/OFC/Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)\|OFC]] in [[History & Events/The War for the OFC's Freedom\|The War for the OFC's Freedom]]. She gives a big sigh and asks them to go their strategy for the war. Chenris explains that through research he conducted, he realised that there was a high probability that the [[Locations/OFC/Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)\|OFC]] would be pincered from land and from the back by sea since [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The Dawn Empire\|The Dawn Empire]] have a massive and powerful fleet. He aims to use [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/Agolin Winterbor\|Agolin Winterbor]] and [[Named Characters & Beasts/Terence Witherfeather\|Terence Witherfeather]] to create a impassable storm to make the seas impassible to lock that side of the [[Locations/OFC/Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)\|OFC]] and force all [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The Dawn Empire\|The Dawn Empire]]'s to attack on land. 

As for the land forces, they're going to put all the Trolls on the middle of the road to draw forces into combat. Treeents would then be hidden either side of the road to attack them with a pincer manoeuvre. further down the path would be the main forces where they would whittle down the forces as possible with arrows before engaging them in head-on combat. The fairies would cast [Polymorph](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2209-polymorph) on soldiers to turn them in dinosaurs to fight for us

(x:: [[Named Characters & Beasts/Genevieve †\|Genevieve †]] seems satisfied with this strategy saying that they might just be able to do this and win. Chenris sends a guard to tell Winterbor and Witherfeather to get in position. they then get on [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/The Auditors/Kazzin\|The Black Dragon]] to be taken to the front lines to give a speech. after making their preparations [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai Reverence]] and Chenris go on to the platform ready for their speech. Chenris uses his [[Other Information/Unique Items/Multitool\|Multitool]] to create some atmospheric music to make the speech more inspiring. Mordecai's speech is so inspiring that all of the [[Locations/OFC/Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)\|OFC]]'s forces are amped up and ready to take on such a daunting threat.)

(x:: [[Named Characters & Beasts/Genevieve †\|Genevieve †]] goes up with the airship and they party get on the dragon to travel to their command post, but before this the dragon takes them up to the skies and shows that the army has a massive canon. its the same canon from when [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] ran into the [[Groups & Factions/Merchant Guild\|Merchant Guild]] in [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The Dawn Empire\|The Dawn Empire]]. they decide not to deal with it now in favour of keeping their surprise advantage. They land but send some fair dragons to try and disable the canon, which fails. the rest of the dragons are sent up with the airships to deal with those with confusion spells etc. )

# THE WAR STARTS - Time Line as Follows:
- The Dawn's forces approach the trolls/ treents. The treents jump into action and start killing as many people as possible. The soldiers realise what is happening and start to burn the forests around them.  - Chenris Orders them to retreat so they could be used later.
- The Dawn starts firing the canon, destroying the walls of [[Locations/OFC/Whitespire/Whitespire\|Whitespire]] - just no where near the tower.[[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] deal with this by sending [[The Party/Other Party Members/Familiars/Zephyr\|Zephyr]] with two of Chenris' [Bag of Beans](https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/4579-bag-of-beans), which are planted near the Canon. The beans first spawn a green flamed campfire, which is immediately taken out my a huge [[Locations/OFC/Whitespire/The Pyramid\|The Pyramid]] with a [Mummy Lord](https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/16962-mummy-lord) in it. The [[Locations/OFC/Whitespire/The Pyramid\|The Pyramid]] also knocks over the cannon and make it unusable for the rest of the fight. 
- The Dawns airships to fly overhead causing Chenris and Korrigan to send up the fairy dragons to disarm and disorient the ships. the majority of them died but in the process most of the Dawn's airships were downed by crashing into one another. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Genevieve †\|Genevieve †]] was able to command the fleet to destroy the rest of them giving the OFC air superiority. Chenris commands them to start dropping bombs on the dawn's forces 
- Chenris commands the archers and fiery/ T-rex core to start attacking the front lines and take out as many troupes as possible. the dawn responds with their own archers and ground troops but the OFC has the advantage.
- Suddenly [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Galen Verix ‡\|Galen Verix ‡]], [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/The Sundering Characters/Caden SteelBreaker †\|Caden SteelBreaker †]] and [[Named Characters & Beasts/Commander Arez †\|Commander Arez †]] appear near the front lines. Galen starts jumping up to the airships ad destroying the important ones including the one with [[Named Characters & Beasts/Genevieve †\|Genevieve †]] on it. the tree commanders are able to regroup their forces and lead an offensive. 
- Chenris figures out that if [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] directly challenged them they will engaging a duel which will most likely lead to one side winning the war with the other falling back. He shouts with [Thaumaturgy](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2277-thaumaturgy) to challenging them to a duel. They respond in kind and one on one fight starts. 
- The fight goes normally until the first weird occurrence happened, When Galen went down, he resurrected himself after a few moments. After a lot of fighting a great manoeuvres from all of [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]], they finally kill Caden. He thanks them for finally realising him from this hell. 
- At one point Korrigan tries to charm Arez. Arez manages to counter charm leading to [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] having to fight their party member and the remaining commanders. [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] is nearly defeated before [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/The Auditors/Xekai\|Xekai]] appears with [[Named Characters & Beasts/Genevieve †\|Genevieve †]] barley alive and with a [Staff of Healing](https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/4763-staff-of-healing). She manages to heal them, but before should could do anything else, she is stabbed in the back by Galen. With [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] healed up they defeat the commanders, causing the dawn's forces to retreat.
- The war is won and the OFC is free at last.