---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/08-gutenous-guardians/session-64/","updated":"2026-06-06T14:46:12.110+01:00","dg-note-properties":{"Summary":"The session is still being written by Sam.","Part":"8th Saga - Gutenous Guardians","type":"session","sessionNum":64,"icon":"session","attendance":["[[Sam Gallon]]","[[Rowan Hales]]","[[Tom Brothers]]","[[Caleb Hamlet]]","[[Jae Knight]]"]}}
---

# Session Information
**Session Date:** 4th Jun 2026 
**Saga**: 8th Saga - Gutenous Guardians
**Attendance**: [[The Party/Other Party Members/Meta/Sam Gallon\|Sam Gallon]],[[The Party/Other Party Members/Meta/Rowan Hales\|Rowan Hales]],[[The Party/Other Party Members/Meta/Tom Brothers\|Tom Brothers]],[[The Party/Other Party Members/Meta/Caleb Hamlet\|Caleb Hamlet]],[[The Party/Other Party Members/Meta/Jae Knight\|Jae Knight]]

# Session Summary 
#INFORMATION_MISSING_OR_OUT-OF-DATE 

# Full Session Notes
Seeing [[Named Characters & Beasts/Denola\|Denola]]'s body lying on the floor [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|the party]] rushed over to her side. She had be stabbed in the back of the head as well a being gutted [[The Party/Viktor Malkovich\|Viktor]] performed a quick examination and found the stab wound to the back of the head was the cause of death. The wound o her stomach was done post partum. [[The Party/Viktor Malkovich\|Viktor]] healed the majority of her wounds before using his magic to resurrect her. She awoke with a blood curdling scream as her soul was returned to her body. [[The Party/Viktor Malkovich\|Viktor]] tried his best to calm her down as [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|the party]] all introduced themselves to her. once she had claimed down, she explained that she had no idea who her killer could be. At one moment she was walking down the street another it was dark and then she opened her eyes and [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|the party]] where all there. 

[[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]], watching slight detected from the rest of [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|the party]] began having doubts that staying with them would be a good idea. From their prospective, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] had woken up to a group of strangers who claimed that they were his party by they were pretty sure this wasn't true. When the rets of the group were talking to [[Named Characters & Beasts/Denola\|Denola]] and explaining the prophetic bread to her, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] took the opportunity and pointed at the [[Groups & Factions/Greg's Bakery\|Greg's Bakery]] and shouted "What are they doing?" before using their [[Admin/Spells/Misty Step\|Misty Step]] ability to appear near a street corner before dashing around. When [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|the party]] retuned their gaze to [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]], they had disappeared. 

Now separated. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] made their way to the [[Groups & Factions/Mage's Guild\|Mage's Guild]], the receptionist looked up when they walked but their customer service smile instantly faded when they saw [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] entered the building. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] gave them a friendly wave before making their way to [[Named Characters & Beasts/Terence Witherfeather\|Terence Witherfeather]]'s office explaining that they knew the way. the receptionist returned to reading her book, unwilling to get involved with [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]]'s antics. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] got to the office an politely knocked on the door and entered once they hear [[Named Characters & Beasts/Terence Witherfeather\|Terence]] invite them in. 

[[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] explained that they seemed to be having memory issues and were unable to remember who their real party were and that there seemed to be a fake party claiming to be their real party. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Terence Witherfeather\|Terence]] sat on his desk, stroking his beard as he thought through some potential solutions. After some time he suddenly spring to life and grabbed some papers as he tried to remember the spell he needed. once he had he asked [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] tot take a seat before he started massaging their temples. "Ahh, my boy, you seem to have a lot information in here... oh hello there [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris]]!"

Sitting in his [mind palace](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Method_of_loci) was [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris]] reading a book. [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris]]' min palace looked like a large library filled with intensely organised shelves and filing cabinets. each leatherbound book represented a memory with a handwritten title card and library plate that read 'from the library of [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]]'. Looking up from some research notes, [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris]] replied "Ah, a pleasure to see again old friend." [[Named Characters & Beasts/Terence Witherfeather\|Terence]] explained that he was unable to see [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris]] but could at least feel his presence and hear his voice. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Terence Witherfeather\|Terence]] then said to mind him poking around as suddenly the books began flying off of their shelves as [[Named Characters & Beasts/Terence Witherfeather\|Terence]] began his search for the information he was looking for. Eventually [[Named Characters & Beasts/Terence Witherfeather\|Terence]] concluded his search and [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris]] was left with large pile of books in the middle of his mind palace. a single tear ran down his face and he slowly began putting them back into their correct place according to a rigorous [Dewey Decimal System](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dewey_Decimal_Classification). Back in the real the world, [[Named Characters & Beasts/Terence Witherfeather\|Terence]] explained with a glum look that unfortunately there were no memories of [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|the party]] in their head, it was like those memories never existed. "Not to worry my boy, I do have another trick up my sleave!"

But before [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] could ask what it was [[Named Characters & Beasts/Terence Witherfeather\|Terence]] picked up a heavy book and brought it down on [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]]'s head. The boy yelped in pain and asked why they suddenly got hit. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Terence Witherfeather\|Terence]] did answer, instead asking if they remembered anything. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] said they didn't but maybe it would work if they got his again. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Terence Witherfeather\|Terence]]didn't hesitate and brought the book down on their head again. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] still didn't remember anything, "OWW, hmmm nothing yet... all the best things come in threes. Try one last time please". When the third attempt failed [[Named Characters & Beasts/Terence Witherfeather\|Terence]] took a step back and apologised for not being able to help. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] turned to the wizard and asked if he at least remembered their party. He said he was struggling to remember so [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] offered to hit him with a book. it 'worked' and [[Named Characters & Beasts/Terence Witherfeather\|Terence]] used a [[Admin/Spells/Minor Illusion\|Minor Illusion]] to recreate his memory of [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|the party]]. A Harengon ([[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]]), a [[Other Information/Races/Goblin\|Goblin]] with a hood ([[The Party/Aiden Knight\|Aiden Knight]]), a flamboyant Kenku and a large cow ([[The Party/Viktor Malkovich\|Viktor]]).

[[The Party/Halfbie\|halfbie]] studied the illusion for a long time before looking back to the wizard thanking him for all his help. In this moment [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] truly believed that that illusion was their party. They tanked [[Named Characters & Beasts/Terence Witherfeather\|Terence]] before leaving. just as they were about to he leave the building before their curiosity got the better of them and they went to go see [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/Agolin Winterbor\|Agolin Winterbor]]. When they got to the basement the floor was flooded to mid-shin level and every other room had been abandoned, presumably due to the constant flooding. 

Inside [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] found [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/Agolin Winterbor\|Agolin Winterbor]] and [[Named Characters & Beasts/Alfred Go Fish\|Go Fish]]. Both were sat at a table with a deck of card sharing a large bong. In the centre of the room a was portal open to what looked like the ocean. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/Agolin Winterbor\|Agolin Winterbor]] greeted [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] and [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] politely returned it. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] gestured to the fish saying hi and commented on how long it had been. 

"you remember [[Named Characters & Beasts/Alfred Go Fish\|Go Fish]], my old...friend?"

"Yes... everyone tried to tell me they weren't real!"

"Oh, he's real alright... you'll never guess where his flipper is right now"

[[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] pulled up a soaked chair and sat at the table intending to get dealt in to the game again. claiming confidently that this wasn't their first time playing so they shouldn't hold back. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/Agolin Winterbor\|Winterbor]] clicked his fingers and the bong grew another neck that extend its way to [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]]. When asked what it was, [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/Agolin Winterbor\|winterbor]] simply stated that it was gift for their anniversary. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] congratulated them on the anniversary before taking a big hit of the bong. The drugs hit almost immediately. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] was suddenly flying through the air with [[Named Characters & Beasts/Alfred Go Fish\|Go fish]]. The fish grabbed [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] hand leading them towards the ocean. commenting how it was such a magical world that they all lived in. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] asked if they went by '[[Named Characters & Beasts/Alfred Go Fish\|Go Fish]]' or if they had another name that they preferred to go by instead. The fish explained that his first name was [[Named Characters & Beasts/Alfred Go Fish\|Alfred]]. 

Alfred claimed that he had something to show [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] as they dove into the ocean. Breaking the surface of the water was painless as [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] floated in the water, to high to really move but enjoy the sensation of weightlessly floating. suddenly there a sharp stabbing pain on their neck as they quickly began growing gills. They took a deep breath as they acclimated to their abilities. Alfred suddenly appeared in front of them taking their hand and leading the deeper and deeper into the ocean. 

"Make sure you don't drink any of the water I just did a massive pissss"

"Don't worry I already know not to eat yellow snow"

as they continued their journey they slowly reached the ocean floor where building stood like a mini city. 





# Trivia & Notes
- Maintenance [[Named Characters & Beasts/Greg\|greg]]
- little [[Named Characters & Beasts/Greg\|greg]] 
- Gregs hq maryhollow, [[Locations/The Merrihollows/Goldburrow\|Goldburrow]]
- 16 miles from [[Locations/OFC/Blackwall/Blackwall\|Blackwall]] to foxtail

# Footnotes

