---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/books-documents-and-artefacts/unnamed-book-on-the-ashen-pantheon/","updated":"2025-08-11T11:53:31.287+01:00"}
---


[[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]] read this book in the [[Locations/OFC/Blackwall/Blackwall\|Blackwall]] library when research the deities they had met in a recent encounter. 

Here are the contents of the book:

[[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|Chronovorus]] is the god of time, he dedicates most of his time to using his powers to sow chaos and destruction across [[Locations/The Amber Realms\|The Amber Realms]] for his amusement. He often makes pacts with mortals for a laugh, his most common pact is to take parts of their lives in exchange for help with a problem or strength. He often appears in [[Locations/The Amber Realms\|The Amber Realms]] choosing to take the form of a cloud of black smoke with nothing but a creepy smile levitating in it, he often chooses to appear whilst stopping time. He also causes time rifts to open across the Amber Realm which bleed time causing chaos and agony wherever they go. He has devotees in the form of [[Groups & Factions/Religious Organisations/The Black Cult\|The Black Cult]] who perform sacrifices which gives him power as the years they would have lived go to him. He has a few heralds who help to spread his influence, though his main one is [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/The Ethertwist Haunter\|the Ethertwist Haunter]] who takes children and drains them of their remaining years to give to [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|Chronovorus]]. He presides over The Black Plain where he spends a lot of his time watching the realms and waiting for the end of time.

[[Gods & Heralds/Aeloria/Aeloria\|Aeloria]] is the goddess of light, she dedicates herself to bringing hope to the inhabitants of [[Locations/The Amber Realms\|The Amber Realms]] and teaching them how to survive. She has no physical form in [[Locations/The Amber Realms\|The Amber Realms]] however she often pulls people up to The Golden Plain to communicate with her directly, where she chooses to take the form of an elven woman wearing all white. She has a group of followers known as [[Groups & Factions/Religious Organisations/The Golden Ones\|The Golden Ones]] who sign a pact with her on initiation meaning that she gets their eternal soul to act as a researcher while they get whatever knowledge they may require.