---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/locations/the-dawn-empire/newhall/","tags":["Undiscovered"],"updated":"2025-06-10T19:04:11.873+01:00"}
---

A small village in [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The Dawn Empire\|The Dawn Empire]]. [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] encountered this village on their way to the [[Locations/Uvam Dynasty/Uvam Dynasty\|Uvam Dynasty]]. When the party first got to the village the guards were so tired from not being able to sleep that they just let [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] in. There had been a series of disappearances but when [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] asked about them the towns folk had no idea that people had gone missing. After asking many people it was becoming night time so [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] went to the inn to sleep. Through multiple dreams with different people, [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] dreamed of a faceless figure trying to talk to them and then flying into the sky. 

Eventually, [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] went out to the outside guard to ask them about what was happening. As they crossed the threshold of the town [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]] and [[The Party/The Korrigan\|The Korrigan]] instantly forgot all that had happened in the town. This led them to write down all their experiences (they were fearful of another [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/The Ethertwist Haunter\|Ethertwist Haunter]] situation). The guards told them to check on [[Named Characters & Beasts/Captain Brookes\|Captain Brookes]] and [[Named Characters & Beasts/Deputy Bridges\|Deputy Bridges]] who had both gone missing in the town. They had forgotten everything about being guards when they went back into the town. Eventually, Captain Brook was convinced to leave the town and remember everything. 

Korri had used magic to figure out that they were dealing with a Celestial. This led to Chenris using Thaumaturgy to say "Hello" in the celestial. This leads to them being attacked by an unknown entity. They eventually found this entity living under the village well. This entity was the [[Gods & Heralds/Herald\|Herald]] called the [[Gods & Heralds/Somnora/Angel Under The Well\|Angel Under The Well]]. After nearly beating the [[Gods & Heralds/Herald\|Herald]] [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] evacuated the town, citing poison in the well. 