---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/history-and-events/grayfall-empire/","updated":"2025-06-30T20:16:38.560+01:00"}
---

The ancient dwarven empire was founded in the [[History & Events/Eras/2nd Era\|2nd Era]] by Emperor [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/Grayfall Empire Characters/Durdretrude Grayfall †\|Durdretrude Grayfall †]]. It encompassed the majority of the [[Locations/Verdant Peninsula\|Verdant Peninsula]]. The Drawfs established their dominance through a combination of strategic prowess and exploitation. Their cities, built upon the backs of a vast human slave workforce, were marvels of engineering and fortification. The majority of their empire was found underground allowing it to grow uninhibited by the various wars and infighting happening on the surface. 

Eventually, when [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Galen Verix ‡\|the emperor]] died, it came to elect another, however many of the kings wanted the title for themselves, causing a lot of infighting eventually leading to [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/Grayfall Empire Characters/Dhuggith Broadcloak †\|Dhuggith Broadcloak †]]'s desertion to what is now known as [[Locations/Fort Moldan\|Fort Moldan]]. Broadcloak was also inadvertently involved with the start of the human uprising due to his use of the automatons attacking the northern dwarven cities. 

After the [[History & Events/Battle of Earthgrog\|Battle of Earthgrog]], the empire was reduced to almost nothing which led to the human slaves revolting and starting a revolution, led by [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/Grayfall Empire Characters/Redmund Verix †\|Redmund Verix †]] who slaughtered many Drawfs and raised many of the cities, eventually going on to form [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The Dawn Empire\|The Dawn Empire]]. With no one left [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/Grayfall Empire Characters/Dhuggith Broadcloak †\|Dhuggith Broadcloak †]] declared himself Emperor. Although, his reign was short-lived. Two years after his ascension, Dhuggith died, and a new leader emerged. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/Grayfall Empire Characters/Werrec Whitshield\|Werrec Whitshield]], a more measured and compassionate dwarf, took up the mantle of leadership.

Under [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/Grayfall Empire Characters/Werrec Whitshield\|Werrec Whitshield]]'s guidance, the [[History & Events/Grayfall Empire\|Grayfall Empire]] transformed. He refocused efforts from revenge to survival and reconciliation. Abolishing the position of emperor, Werrec sought to rebuild and integrate his people into their new circumstances. His leadership marked a new chapter in the dwarven legacy, one characterised by peace and cooperation rather than conflict and conquest.