---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/season-3-the-worst-diplomates/session-24/","updated":"2025-06-11T21:14:33.488+01:00"}
---


# Session Summary
After infiltrating The Tulan Fort, the Party took some time to rest and heal. However, Emmeline’s injuries proved severe, requiring bed rest, so Drache chose to stay and protect her. Meanwhile, Aidan departed during the night, leaving a note promising to rejoin later. Mordecai, anxious to leave Yakawa, urged Chenris and Korrigan to prepare quickly, suggesting a route through [[Locations/Itone Isles\|Itone]] and Dawnhaven to investigate Galen Verix's disappearance. Along the way, they planned to revisit the Wyvern Cave. Before departing, Korrigan practised his new Illusionary Script spell, encrypting a note for Drache and Aidan. As they travelled, the group encountered a blockade of heavily armoured [[Other Information/Races/Tiefling\|Tiefling]]s and Humans searching for Mordecai, creating a tense situation that they narrowly navigated through subterfuge.

Crossing into The Dawn Empire, they reached Farpost, a military outpost now abandoned and in disrepair. Discovering a naked man by the roadside, the Party learned he was robbed by a witch who cast a spell on him. Agreeing to help recover his belongings, they tracked the thief to a forested stream. Mordecai approached her diplomatically while the others prepared for combat. When the witch tried to manipulate Mordecai into killing her victim, a battle ensued, resulting in Korrigan being cursed and Chenris falling unconscious. After an intense skirmish involving creative uses of magic and Fey deals, the Party subdued the witch. However, when her manipulations threatened further harm to Chenris, the group decided she was too dangerous to leave alive. Chenris ultimately killed her, sparking moral tension among the group, particularly with Mordecai, who was reminded of his own troubled past.

Continuing to the Wyvern Cave, Korrigan hesitated, overcome by traumatic memories. While he stayed outside, Chenris and Mordecai explored the cave, uncovering a secret passage leading to an ancient Dwarven refuge. Within, they found skeletal remains and remnants of the human revolt during the Fifth Era. Using Speak With Dead, Chenris gleaned information about the Iron Forge Library and the site’s history as a haven for Dwarves. Mourning the dead, the Party sealed the area before moving on. As they approached Dawnhaven, they were confronted by a horrifying scene: figures in black robes with tendrils of dark energy stretched toward the city centre, surrounded by an ominous purple mist reminiscent of Xekai and The Auditors. The Party prepared for what lay ahead, recognising that the situation held grave implications.

# Full Session Notes
(x:: After the infiltration of [[Locations/Important Locations/The Tulan Fort\|The Tulan Fort]], [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] took a few days to rest and heal their injuries. Unfortunately, [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Emmeline\|Emmeline]] 's injuries were much more serious than originally thought, and she wouldn't be able to travel for a while and needed bed rest. Hearing this, [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Wurinn Fuuldrusch]] informs the party that he'll stay behind and make sure she is safe and will catch up with them when she can travel again. [[The Party/Aiden Knight\|Aiden Knight]], for his part, left at night, leaving a note explaining he had gone off to investigate something and would join the party later. )

(x:: [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai Reverence]] was desperate to leave [[Locations/Uvam Dynasty/Yakawa\|Yakawa]] (and the [[Locations/Uvam Dynasty/Uvam Dynasty\|Uvam Dynasty]]) as soon as possible and urged [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]] and [[The Party/The Korrigan\|The Korrigan]] to pack their belongings quickly so they could leave by the next morning. The morning they set to leave, Mordecai has a quick conversation with Emmeline. They use [Cure Wounds](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/cure-wounds) to help her healing speed up and say, "Drache is quite possibly one of the last genuinely good men in this world, and if anything were to happen to him, then I have no idea what we could do. Please keep him safe while we're gone")

"He's alright, I guess," She said sarcastically 

(x:: Mordecai laughs before saying that she needs to make sure that he does nothing stupid while they're gone, and she agrees. He finishes his spell and awkwardly leaves the room as he doesn't quite know how to end the conversation. Outside, Chenris and Korrigan are waiting, Chenris is rereading some of his research notes with a glum expression. Korrigan is looking in a nearby mirror, furiously trying to wipe away his "Duel Breaker" mark, but is unable to have any effect. They try examining the mark and have no idea how to get rid of it. Mordecai suggests finding a temple of [[Gods & Heralds/Seraphina/Seraphina\|Seraphina]] to see if she can remove it, as it might be a curse. In the meantime, Chenris suggest that Korrigan gets into wearing hats as Mordecai gets out his colour pallet and foundation colours and suggests they use makeup to cover it up for now. Korrigan says this ok as long as "You don't make me do red-face". Mordecai does their best, and most of the writing is mostly covered but is still slightly visible. Mordecai [Messages](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/message) Chenris, saying that he is not to tell Korrigan how bad it looks. Chenris agrees.)

(x:: Korrigan pulls out the map and asks where they should be going. Chenris suggest going to [[Locations/Itone Isles\|Itone Isles]] and stopping by [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Dawnhaven/Dawnhaven\|Dawnhaven]] to see what happened to [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Galen Verix ‡\|Galen Verix ‡]]. Korrigan suggests we also go to [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Wyvern Cave\|Wyvern Cave]] since it's on the way to Dawnhaven. Mordecai asks [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus Yelris]] if she has anywhere she wants to go, but she says she doesn't have anywhere she specifically wants to go, but she should probably return to [[Locations/Ehobel/Ehobel\|Ehobel]] soon, her people probably already think she's dead or kidnapped, although she mentions that she wants to see [[Locations/Itone Isles\|Itone]] before going home. Fearing the worst, Mordecai asks how they would pick a new emperor. She explains that one of the lords would be elected into power but that it would take at least 30 years to pick a new ruler, Chenris is surprised, asking, "That quickly?")

(x:: She confirms, saying it's uncharacteristically quick for the [[Other Information/Races/Elves\|elves]] since they need to still have a face for the nation, especially with how frequently new human rulers are selected. Korrigan tepidly asks if people like [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Ebis Daro\|Ebis Daro]] or from the [[Groups & Factions/Mage's Guild\|Mage's Guild]] can join in the running. She says that they would never have a chance since it is only the lords who can make a claim, and the mages guild is an international entity - leave all relieved. Before they head off, Chenris suggest leaving Drache and Aidan a note to explain what their plans are. Korrigan exclaims that he wants to try a new spell he learnt as he grabs a quill and paper and begins to write with the spell [Illusionary Script](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/illusionary-script) to encrypt the note so that only the party would be able to read it, to everyone else is "I am Aidan, and I am Stupid" as a prank on the man. The three all let out a big laugh before leaving their lodgings. )

(x:: Mordecai becomes increasingly filled with anxiety as they walk through Uvam. Eventually, they make it to a crossroads near the border. However, the crossroads is blocked by a group of [[Other Information/Races/Tiefling\|Tiefling]]s and Humans clad in heavy [Samurai Armor ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japanese_armour). Mordecai doesn't remember much about these people and what they do but knows they are not to be messed with and informs the party of such. As they approached the blockade, one of them dismounted their horse and began to approach them while Mordecai pulled their hood up and over their face. The guard asks, "Have you seen a [[Other Information/Races/Tiefling\|Tiefling]] that goes by Mordecai Nowadays?". Korrigan jokingly replies with, "I don't think we've run into a Mordecai Nowadays, such an interesting last name". )

(x:: This pisses off the guard, who hand begins to draw his weapon, quickly, Mordecai interjects, apologising for their friend, explaining that he is autistic and doesn't mean to offend. The guard calms down, stating it's a shame he had been inflicted with that. The samurai then ask for their papers, but due to their teleporting into the country, they don't have any papers. After some faffing about to give time for Mordecai to come up with an excuse, they finally explain that they accidentally burnt the paper after mistaking them for campfire tinder. The guard believes them, saying that it happens to everyone at least once, and begins to write them some temporary papers, asking where they are headed. They say to [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The Dawn Empire\|The Dawn Empire]], and the guard fills in all the information. (they got a traders permit when they first entered Uvam, but that is out of date, meaning that there is no record of them entering the country).)

(x:: Mordecai asks for a description of this 'Mordecai' under the guise that if they ever see the person, then they can report them to the guards. The guard describes Mordecai exactly but warns them not to engage since they're a very dangerous [[Other Information/Races/Tiefling\|Tiefling]] known to murder people. If Mordecai is potted, then they should be reported to the nearest city guards. They ask for more details, but the guard is unwilling to give many details about their client or situation since it is a private matter, and the [[Groups & Factions/Fruit Cutters\|Fruit Cutters]] are just being paid to help find the [[Other Information/Races/Tiefling\|Tiefling]] by the employer. With all their matters sorted, they are allowed through the blockade. Once out of earshot, Korrigan says, "So a murder ey?")

(x:: Mordecai sharply corrects him, saying that the situation is a lot more complicated than that. Refusing to elaborate further beyond confirming that someone was killed but it was not his fault. At the border, there are many trade caravans, so the guards don't pay much attention to each person walking through. However, as they begin to cross the border, the guard states he requires some money to get through, korrigan gives them ten gold before anyone can get a word in edgewise. With their payment made, they were allowed to cross into The Dawn. Mordecai laments that he isn't as pretty as Uvam but is quite happy to be out of the nation and away from danger. )

(x:: The first town they encounter is [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Farpost\|Farpost]]. The last time the party visited, it was a military installation filled with Tents, guards and palisades. Now, it looked all but abandoned, with nearly all of the tents gone or in a state of disrepair. Chenris comments on how this must've happened since we beat them so badly in [[History & Events/The War for the OFC's Freedom\|the war]]. Decide to go around the perimeter to avoid any conflicts with looters, but Chenris can find 15 Gold in the mud. A little way down the road, Chenris spots an incredibly annoyed-looking naked man. Mordecai approaches and asks if he is ok, offering them a clock and some clothes. The man happily accepts them, even though the clothes are a bit too small and frilly and starts to explain his situation.)

(x:: According to him, he was travelling to Uvam and ran into a woman travelling alone, so he invited her to join him as they were going in a similar direction. One thing led to another, and they 'made camp' together that night. That night, he woke up to find he could not move or speak. All he could do was watch as the women stole his stuff, including the clothes off his back. He explains that he wants to kill her and get his stuff back and is willing to pay them to help him do this. Korrigan tries to make a deal that they help him find, but he isn't allowed to kill her. He explains that that would be tough since he suspects she must be a powerful witch and would have no hope of beating her. They compromise by saying that they will help him get his stuff back while she is restrained and not killed, and they get all the items on her that aren't his. They agree and begin to track her. They come up with a plan that korrigan will track her down from her footprints, etc, and when they're close, Chenris will use [Locate Object](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/locate-object) to narrow it down greatly. Korrigan casts a spell that greatly aids him in finding her tracks and follows them to a forest in between [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Dustwood\|Dustwood]] and [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Cliffhall\|Cliffhall]]. The tracks look quite fresh, so chenris uses Locate Object and learns she has set up camp by a nearby stream. And says they could reach her quickly and surprise her in the night to get their stuff back.)

(x:: They eventually reach the stream to find a clearing and find her sitting near a campfire at the river's edge. They hang back out of sight to study her and learn that she is a normal witch who looks quite smart. Mordecai makes a plan where they will go and talk to her and try and get the items peacefully while the others hang back and wait in case she attacks. If she does, then they will surprise her with binding and debuff spells so they steel back the equipment without too much bloodshed. Mordecai approaches the witch, asking if they could sit by the fire for warmth, and the witch allows them to sit with her. The witch isn't wearing anything but her bra, underwear and a nice clock. The hammer and most of the stolen stuff are still with her, hidden under a tarp. Mordecai asks why she is half-naked, and she simply says, "It's nice to look good". )

(x:: She uses a spell that forces Mordecai to tell the truth and asks why Mordecai is here. They explained that they met her latest victim and wanted to see if they could get his stolen stuff back. Mordecai asks what she plans to do with it, and she explains that she is planning to sell all of the equipment in the next town. She also confirms that she is the woman who had sex with the man and stole his stuff, laughing as he says it. The witch says that Mordecai should do something for her, She tells him to go kill the man. Mordecai manages to resist the spell and isn't affected by the command but pretends to be under its effects, and as he walks away, she says that if he can do it, then she'll reward him, gesturing to her body. Mordecai thanks her but explains he doesn't swing that way and casts Mind Sliver. They give the signal, and everyone jumps into action.)

(x:: During the fight, the witch begins to run away due to a spell Mordecai has used, but as she does, she casts a spell and Korrigan, causing him to fall to the ground unconscious. Chenris checks him over and finds, much to his relief, that Korrigan is just unconscious. However, he may be cursed. Mordecai manages to use [Dispel Magic](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/dispel-magic) to wake him up, however, due to a wild magic surge, a branch magically appears behind him, tripping them up. While this is happening, the man runs over to recover all his stuff and returns the dress to Mordecai, thanking them for all their help. They realise that when the witch ran away, she took the staff with them, so Chenris uses his magic to locate the staff. However, his wild magic activates, causing pastries to appear and attack the witch, confusing her greatly. Korrigan tries to use her cries of confusion to locate her and fire an arrow but wildly misses. Chenris chases after, knowing her exact location from his spell and finds her standing next to a tree with her finger pointed at him. Quickly, Chenris casts [Blindness/Deafness](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2018-blindness-deafness?srsltid=AfmBOootmFg0Ojr8N-F3K0humDFCeqb5mWX8_GYY08xyvb_f7QN3Qw6Y), a spell that allows him to make the witch blind, making her unable to cast spells, as most spells need a line of sight with the target to work. Korrigan is then able to use ensuring strikes to immobilise her. )

(x:: She grabs a dagger and tries to swing it wildly around her, screaming for them to give her sight back. Mordecai uses a [Shocking Grasp](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/shocking-grasp) to make her drop her items, and chenris puts a blindfold on her so that when the spell wears off, she is still unable to cast spells. Korri says kinky, causing chenris to get confused as, in his mind, a sharp twist or curve in something that is otherwise straight has nothing to do with this situation. They claim her stuff while she begs for them to let her live. Chenris motions for them to kill her, but Korrigan instead makes a fey deal that means she can never hurt anyone again, and they get a favour, in return, she gets to love. They make the deal. )

(x:: With the deal made, they take her blindfold off, and she instantly points at Chenris and uses the same spell she used on Korrigan, Chenris falls to the ground asleep. An act that technically doesn't break her contract. She then casts the spell [Suggestion](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/suggestion) on Korrigan and orders him to stab her. He does, and instead of hurting her, all the damage goes to Chenris. Korrigan [Charms](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/charm) her and orders her to explain what just happened. She explains that she has hexed him for an hour and that all damage dealt to her body will go to Chenris instead. With her still charmed, he tells her to cast every spell she knows on the ground to deplete all of her magics. She does just that, and suddenly, Black Tendrils appear around her 4 times alongside a few effects that had no physical form before finally transforming into a beetle. Mordecai casts [Enlarged/Reduce](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2084-enlarge-reduce) on the witch so they can see it a lot easier as it scurries around. Mordecai has a wild magic surge, and suddenly, jail bars appear and trap the party inside, with the witch outside. They decide to cast [Chromatic Orb](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/chromatic-orb) on the witch in an attempt to trigger another surge but fail, while Chenris takes the damage, a fact that Mordecai had forgotten.)

(x:: Mordecai fails to trigger a wild magic surge a few times. While Korrigan Misty Steps out of the cage and attempts to pry open the bars. He uses one of his Sprite Totems to give everyone some basic healing and to increase his physical strength enough to bend the bars in a way that lets Mordecai slip through. With Chenris still out of commission, the two-way up their options, they think about just killing her and being done with it, but they're worried that that would kill Chenris first. In the end, they decide to just restrain and blindfold her so they can buy some time and wait for everything to blow over. Eventually, the hour was up, and Chenris woke up feeling quite craggy and weird. Suddenly snapping back into focus, he asks for a complete rundown of what's happened. Once he heard that charms still had a few minutes left, he suggested using that time to learn some more. They ask about the staff to see what abilities it may have, only to learn that it's just decorative and has no abilities. They also learnt that the witch is a warlock of [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|Chronovorus]], explaining that she just likes the abilities she gets from him, she doesn't care much for the God himself. Unsure if this news should reassure them or worry them, they turn around to discuss their next moves.  She is a warlock with [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|Chronovorus]].)

(x:: Chenris immediately suggest that she might be too dangerous to be left to her own devices, especially when she can so easily get around deals. Upon hearing this, the witch tries to plead for her life, reasoning that she may have killed people before, but these three have killed people, how can they be so sure they're right? Surely, not everyone they have killed is bad. Chenris looks at her coldly and tells her to shut up, but she refuses, eventually, everyone agrees that killing her is the best action. Chenris summons necrotic energies around his hand as he begins to cast [Inflict Wounds](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/inflict-wounds) , and before he hits her, she screams, "You're no better than me, and you know it!!" before she is eviscerated by Chenris' attack.)

(x:: chenris looks more pissed off than before and uses [Speak With Dead](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/speak-with-dead) to bring her back and says, "I KNOW, I Don't care for your standards", before dropping concentration on the spell and leaving her dead. Happy he got the final word in, he suggested setting up camp for the night since it was starting to get late. Mordecai seems uneasy with the whole affair and has gone quiet, korrigan notices and tries to cheer them up by reasoning that she was a bad person since she slept with people and then stole their stuff or murdered them. Mordecai's face twists into anger before shouting, "I KNOW, I USED TO DO THE SAME SO I COULD LIVE!!" korrigan falls silent; he was unaware of Mordecai's past and tries to apologise, but Mordecai just got their sleeping bag out. Chenris, who was tending to the fire, looked at korrigan and said, "Looks like you need to check your privilege when it comes to sex workers" " before telling both of them to get some rest. Chenris used the [Alarm](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/alarm) spell so that everyone could get a full rest while not being left vulnerable while they slept.)

(x:: The next morning, they woke up and headed straight for the Wyvern Cave. Approaching the cave, korrigan starts to have PTSD flashbacks and is unable to cross the threshold of the cave. Instead, opting to [Wild Shape](https://forgottenrealms.fandom.com/wiki/Wild_shape) into a Stoat and hide. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus]] sighs and tells Chenris and Mordecai she watches over him. Entering the cave, they quickly began their search, Chenris scanned the bookshelves and found very few interesting as most were fairytale books or fiction books. As he scanned the book, one caught his eye: [[Books, Documents & Artefacts/The Unbroken Coin - A Tale of Two Brothers\|The Unbroken Coin - A Tale of Two Brothers]]. It was an ancient-looking red leather-bound book with two golden masks on the front. Skimming through the book, he knew it was important and began to read. Just as he finished the first page, Mordecai called out to him.)

(x:: Mordecai, who struggled to read common, though they had little use when it came to reading any of the books written in ancient dwarfish, instead opted to search the room for anything else that was interesting. Looking at the bookshelves, they thought one could be a fake one, and after pulling a few books, a bookshelf moved to reveal a secret passage.  )

(x:: Seeing the newly revealed entrance, Chenris rushed over to have a look; he seemed desperate to look inside. Mordecai walks over to korrigan, giving him an old toy he found in the cave as an emotional support aid, korrigan can muster the courage to go inside. Mordecai put him in their pocket so they didn't have to see the cave as much. With everyone reading, they investigated the passageway. Inside was a long corridor with three doors - 2 on the right and one on the left. At the end was a massive cave-in blocking their path. They entered the first room on the right and were confronted with a communal sleeping area with various skeletons dotted about. Chenris used Speak With Dead on the nearest to him. As soon as it awoke, it screamed, "NO PLEASE NO, DON'T KILL ME!!")

(x:: Chenris surmises to the party that this might be a dwarf who died during the human revolt at the beginning of the [[History & Events/Eras/5th Era\|5th Era]]. Speak With Dead gave Chenris 5 questions, his 1st was, "Do you know anything about this book?" The dead dwarf had no idea, but it looked like it came from the [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Steelwick/Iron Forge\|Iron Forge]] Library. 2nd question: What is the Iron Forge explained that the entrance was down the side of the mountain. Finally, putting a name to the Ancient Dwarven Stronghold. His 3rd question: "What is this place?" the dwarf exclaimed this was their last haven. 4th question: "What can I find here?" the skeleton said, "The last of the Dwarves". 5th question: "Do you know Ebis Daro?" and it did not. With all the questions answered, the skeleton fell silent. )

(x:: They go to the second door on the left and encounter a kitchen that had been left empty; there was no spoilt food or utensils, and everything was empty. Finally, they checked the last door on the right. This room was much more colourful and had small beds with small skeletons. Chenris looked with grim understanding while Korrigan and Mordecai gasped. Chenris states that they seem to have seen all that is to be seen of this new area, they should seal this place up and leave the dead to rest. The other agrees, before they close the bookcase, Mordecai hunts for some flowers and leaves them in the corridor as a sign of respect as chenris closes the bookcase.)

(x:: With a more sombre tone, they now head for Dawnhaven. As the city came into view, they were met with an alarming sight: surrounding the city were loads of people in heavy black robes with black tendrils shooting out from their outstretched arms into the centre of the city. Surrounding them was a thick purple mist, Chenris sensed dark energies being used but was unable to understand their purpose. The magics felt familiar, but none could place where they had felt it from before. A few moments of silence passed as they also looked stunned at the scene. The silence was broken by Korrigan, who said, "Wait, doesn't that purple remind you of [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/The Auditors/Xekai\|Xekai]] and [[Groups & Factions/The Auditors\|The Auditors]]?")