---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/season-3-the-worst-diplomates/session-12/","updated":"2025-08-06T13:48:09.046+01:00"}
---


# Session Summery
After a brief break following the intense events of The War for the OFC's Freedom, each member of the party focused on their own projects and plans for the Organization of Free Cities (OFC). Chenris Tallfellow tinkered with magical items, Mordecai Reverance composed propaganda tunes, and Kal Korrigan enjoyed gardening and a trip to the Feywild. When the party reconvened, tensions arose over Chenris' betrayal involving a note from his late professor, leading to a heartfelt discussion about his motivations. The group then presented their plans for the OFC, only to learn that funding was unavailable, prompting them to seek alliances with other nations. Their journey was marked by an assassination attempt on Mordecai by the Goblin Mafia, which was thwarted by a deal made by Aidan Knight.

As they traveled towards Ehobel, the party encountered a cult in [[Locations/OFC/Silkhorn\|Silkhorn]] and decided to investigate further. They then faced extortion from the Golden Fleet while sailing, leaving Mordecai significantly poorer after paying the protection fees. Upon landing in the coastal resort town of Yren in Ehobel, they traded for potions and were warned by guards to avoid the dangerous woods at night. Opting to stay in a nearby mansion, the party soon discovered that the entire room they were in was made up of mimics, adding a new layer of peril to their journey.


# Full Session Notes
(x::Since the events of [[Session Notes/Season 2 - The War for The OFC's Freedom/Session 11\|Session 11]] there was one a week break for people to do their own projects and recover from [[History & Events/The War for the OFC's Freedom\|The War for the OFC's Freedom]]. Here is a summery of what people did during the time skip:
- Each member wrote down their plans for the [[Locations/OFC/Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)\|OFC]] now that they were in charge. These plans can be found here: [[Other Information/OFC Plans\|OFC Plans]].
- [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]] spent some time in his study tinkering on some projects. These include the [[Other Information/Unique Items/Alchemy Jug\|Alchemy Jug]], [[Other Information/Unique Items/Clockwork Bird\|Clockwork Bird]], [Armour of Magical Strength](https://www.worldanvil.com/block/1046919), [Cloak of Billowing](http://dnd5e.wikidot.com/wondrous-items:cloak-of-billowing).
- [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai Reverence]] spends time performing and creating propaganda tunes to tell the people what happened.
- [[The Party/The Korrigan\|The Korrigan]] spends his time gardening as well as taking Chenris on a trip to the [[Locations/Feywild/Feywild\|Feywild]].)

(x::[[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] meet in the councillors hall. its very awkward since people don't know how to approach the subject on everyones mind: Chenris' betrayal regarding [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/The Ethertwist Haunter\|The Ethertwist Haunter]]. Mordecai decides to bring it up and have the conversation. Mordecai states that he's not mad (right now) but is so confused since Chenris is normally the very logical one, he also wants to know what is so important that he couldn't burn it. Chenris himself is confused why he did it since again its not a logical thing to do.)

(x::The item he didn't burn was note from the late [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Professor Varitan Leotoris †\|Professor Varitan Leotoris †]], Chenris' professor at [[Locations/Strixhaven\|Strixhaven]]. Chenris would often stay with Leotoris after class to work on experiments leading to chenris seeing him as a father figure since his actual dad wasn't the kindest. However, when on a field trip in ancient ruin chenris accidentally set of trap that got the professor killed and with his final words he gave Chenris a note with a problem they were never able to solve.)

(x::Chenris states that by the time they returned to [[Locations/Strixhaven\|Strixhaven]], Leotoris' classroom and house where cleared away; including all their research. leading to this note being the only thing he had to remind him of the once kind professor. So when it came to completing the [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/The Black Ritual\|The Black Ritual]], Chenris froze and he cant quite understand why his body wont let let go a note he's already memorised and poured over for years. Mordecai takes pity of chenris and says hell sort the rest out with group.)

(x::After the events of [[History & Events/The War for the OFC's Freedom\|The War for the OFC's Freedom]], [[Wurinn 'Drache' Fuuldrusch\|Wurinn 'Drache' Fuuldrusch]] lost the use of his leg, leading to Korrigan creating a new one for him using his Druid abilities. It was at this point that party present their [[Other Information/OFC Plans\|OFC Plans]], they give all of them to a representative call [[Named Characters & Beasts/Keith Horrigan\|Keith Horrigan]] who explains that the [[Locations/OFC/Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)\|OFC]] has no money for any of the plans. This lead the group decide to travel to other nations to establish trade relationships, they decide to start with [[Locations/Ehobel/Ehobel\|Ehobel]] since the enemy of enemy is my friend. [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] temporally puts Keith in charge while [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] were away. Chenris tries to intimate him but fails because the guy is so confident that it doesn't work. [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] leave [[The Party/Other Party Members/Steve Ulan\|Steve Ulan]] to watch him for them.)

(x::As [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] were leaving [[Locations/OFC/Blackwall/Blackwall\|Blackwall]] a member of the [[Groups & Factions/Goblin Mafia\|Goblin Mafia]] tries to assassinate Mordecai. The attempt actually succeeded, however, [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|Chronovorus]] intervened and gave [[Aidan Knight\|Aidan Knight]] a choice of allowing this future to happen or to take a deal with him, Aidan took the deal making the attempt fail. Drache and Korrigan start chasing after the goblin. Korrigan had casted [Longstrider](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2171-longstrider) on Drache so he is able to catch up very quickly with the goblin. It take a Cyanid pill before the group could get much information out of it)

(x::[[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] regroups with drache and Korrigan, chenris finding out that the [[Groups & Factions/Goblin Mafia\|Goblin Mafia]] have put out a hit on [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] because the goblins blame the group for their invasion of [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Steelwick/Steelwick\|Steelwick]] not going very well. They leave for [[Locations/OFC/Silkhorn\|Silkhorn]] as soon as possible and make the illegal crossing route legal so its ok. There's now a small cult that's popped up in [[Locations/OFC/Silkhorn\|Silkhorn]] lead by [[Named Characters & Beasts/Azel †\|Azel †]]. He has capitalised on the hatred of the other races and used that to gather people to follow him. [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] infiltrate his church where they find out he has been kind with people and offered them food while preaching about hatred, which is how he has gathered so many followers. This makes [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] very concerned and they send a messenger to [[The Party/Other Party Members/Steve Ulan\|Steve Ulan]] to investigate into the cult in their absence. They find the person who crosses the water and get in the boat and head for [[Locations/Ehobel/Ehobel\|Ehobel]].)

(x::[[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] are sailing until a huge claw grabbed onto the boat from the sky and the captain said to [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] that they needed to go inside and hide. they did and a member of [[Groups & Factions/The Golden Fleet\|The Golden Fleet]] flew on to deck. the demand protection money from the captain which had gone up without him knowing. Mordecai reveals him self to pay the extra not realising he would have to pay for himself as well - he very poor now. They sailed on without incident and landed on [[Locations/Ehobel/Ehobel\|ehobel]]. they were met by two Elves who charged everyone but chenris and Mordecai entry fees - chenris is now mega rich.)

(x::The town [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] had landed in was a coastal resort town call [[Locations/Ehobel/Yren\|Yren]]. They manage find a small show that sold potions and managed to barter a deal that Aidan would ages some wine in return for a health potion. Afterwards they move along with new potion (that chenris puts in his [[Other Information/Unique Items/Alchemy Jug\|Alchemy Jug]] to make infinite potions). As they're leaving the town, the gaurds warn them to never leave the paths since there are a lot of "Foul" things in the woods, especially at night.)

(x::The group heads off and as it becomes nighttime [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] start to make camp but see a mansion off in the distance and decide to check it out since it would be better for them to sleep inside than outside next to the forest. They knock and a weird man opens the door and allows them to stay. He puts them in a room and [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] sets up a watch since the man has really creeped out most of them. First watch goes well, but they keep hearing scratching and scurrying - no sign of the man outside the door. its Mordecai and drache were on first watch but then get very drunk on some leftover wine Drache has. Chenris and Aidan are on second watch. chenris investigates the room for the sounds and notices the candles are weird and when he investigates further its bites him.)

(x::[[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] realise that the whole room is made up of Mimics.)