---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/season-3-the-worst-diplomates/session-21/","tags":["LevelUp"],"updated":"2025-08-29T22:44:57.218+01:00"}
---


# Session Summery
At the same time as Chenris Tallfellow and Mordecai Reverance explore Aeloria’s room, Aidan Knight and Kal Korrigan enter the room dedicated to Chronovorus. The room is filled with clocks ticking at different speeds, and a time disturbance surrounded by crystals like those atop [[Other Information/The Towers\|The Towers]]. Korrigan speaks with an old priest who explains that despite Chronovorus' chaotic reputation, he maintains the flow of time, preventing it from accelerating or reversing. When the priest learns that Aidan once made a deal with Chronovorus but has lost most of his memory due to a mind-wipe, he speculates that Aidan’s time powers may stem from the deity, though Aidan notes he had some time manipulation abilities since his childhood, when he was tortured by The Black Cult. Aidan's revelation about a possession incident in Ehobel causes the priest to recognize and congratulate him for fulfilling Chronovorus’ will, which enrages Korrigan. The priest cryptically warns them about Whitespire, hinting that Chronovorus may desire another tower to fall. After leaving, Korrigan encourages Aidan to take control of his powers, though Aidan is unsettled by a whisper saying, "or my will."

After reuniting with Chenris and Mordecai, who return visibly shaken, the Party exchanges their troubling experiences. Mordecai, torn over rejecting a deal that could have revealed key information about [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/The Auditors/Niaross †\|Uti]], breaks down, but Korrigan comforts him, reminding him that some knowledge must be earned. Chenris, still furious from being offered a deal at the cost of his memories of Professor Varitan Leotoris, shares his experience. As they regroup, Chenris experiences a vision linked to the Mummy Lord, signaling the urgent need to address the pyramid. The Party decides to rest in [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Cliffhall\|Cliffhall]] but stumbles upon a murdered driver and a stranded carriage, which they take for easier travel. Upon arriving in [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Cliffhall\|Cliffhall]], they encounter suspicious locals at a tavern, where Mordecai’s attempt to eavesdrop leads to an awkward interaction. Korrigan smooths things over and learns from the locals that they are protecting the village from bandits after The Dawn Empire’s guards abandoned it.

The next morning, the Party continues to gather information, with Chenris speaking to the bartender about the increasing dangers in the area, while Mordecai unsuccessfully tries to remove the Merchant Guild's decals from their carriage, triggering a magical warning. Chenris dispels the magic using ancient Goblin magic, and they rename their horse Boogaloo before heading out. Along the way, [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus Yelris]] spots something near a sparkling pond, and when the Party catches up, Mordecai becomes mesmerized by his reflection in the water. His reflection morphs into a [[Other Information/Races/Dragonborn\|Dragonborn]], leading him to believe he has transformed and developing a God complex. Korrigan, unable to see the transformation, offends Mordecai by denying his delusion, causing tension between them. Chenris intervenes, forcing Mordecai to confront his reflection and break free from the curse. Once free, the Party reaches the pyramid, where Aidan is cursed with "Rotting Fist" by a mummy. Inside, they solve a puzzle using a book of poems, defeat several mummies, and loot the room, recovering gold and other treasures.

# Full Session Notes
(x:: At the same time as [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]] and [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai Reverence]] exit the room dedicated to [[Gods & Heralds/Aeloria/Aeloria\|Aeloria]], [[The Party/Aiden Knight\|Aiden Knight]] and [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Kal The Korrigan †]] walk into the room dedicated to [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|Chronovorus]]. They walk through the portal and encounter a room filled with clocks, all progressing at different speeds. At the back of the room, near the alter is a large time disturbance with a few crystals floating around it. Korrigan immediately recognises these as the very same ones that are found at the top of [[Other Information/The Towers\|The Towers]]. Aidan is too afraid to say anything so Korrigan says hi to the priest - and old, dishevelled man. He greets them and asks if there is anything they would like to talk about. They say they have a few questions about [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|Chronovorus]]. They say that [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|Chronovorus]] is a bad God and they want to know why he does what he does. The priest laments as he does not have the authority to answer that question. He does say that all of the Gods act on their own interests and what is best for them and [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|Chronovorus]] is the same. They ask who's authority he speaks of and just says that he is just a priest and wouldn't dare speak for the deity.)

(x:: Korrigan then asks why the priest would worship a God that is known to sow so much chaos and misery. The priest says that the God is not all bad is actually response for the passage of time and keeping it moving forward at the right pace. Without [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|Chronovorus]] it is unknown what would happen to time, it could reverse or speed up. Moving on, they point to the crystals and ask what their purpose is. He explains that they were put their by [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The All-Father Temple\|the temple]] founders when the room was constructed to allow people to enter without them rapidly aging. The priest doesn't know much about the crystals themselves since they were there when he arrived and no one really knows either. )

(x:: Korrigan then introduces Aidan as someone who has had the misfortune to talk to the deity directly and priest becomes somewhat interested in the two of them. Finally working up the courage to speak, Aidan asks if known the priest knows who they are - he doesn't. They go on to explain they deal but they aren't able to give many details due to Aidan's mind being wiped about the deal. They also mention that they were approached a second time to but he rejected it. All Aidan knows is that after the deal he started being able to use some magic that he was not able to before. Enquiring further he asks them if he has noticed any strange time phenomenon happening around them since the first deal was made. Aidan explains that he has had some small scale time powers for a while. These powers date back to his childhood when he was tortured in the same [[Groups & Factions/Religious Organisations/The Black Cult\|cult his parents were in]]. without missing a beat, the priest notes that everyone has some degree of access to magic, but is incredibly rare to find someone with access to [Chronomancy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chronomancy#:~:text=The%20term%20%22chronomancy%22%2C%20stemming,involving%20supernatural%20manipulation%20of%20time.) )

(x:: While discussing Aidan's fear of the deity, Korrigan mentions Aidan's possession in [[Locations/Ehobel/Ehobel\|Ehobel]]. Upon hearing this, the priest perks up and says he knowns all about that incident and therefore knows Aidan very well and applauds him for a job well done. Pissed off, Korrigan asks what he means by that. The priest elaborates and says that Aidan did what his god wanted him to do, which is something to congratulate him on. Korrigan turns on his heels and grabs Aidan to leave, as they are Aidan shouts "WHAT AM I?!". The priest isn't sure but if had to guess he would say "You're [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|Chronovorus]]' - you belong to him". Aidan starts to cry at this revelation and the priest says "i'd be careful around [[Locations/OFC/Whitespire/Whitespire\|Whitespire]] if i were you". This stops Korrigan in his tracks and asks him what does he mean. The priest elaborates that "Well, you caused one tower to fall, i'm sure he would like to see another fall". korri exclaims "SO WOULD [[Gods & Heralds/Lorwyn/Lorwyn\|LORWYN]]" and leaves just before the priest calls [[Gods & Heralds/Lorwyn/Lorwyn\|Lorwyn]] a feckless bastard. Being dragged out, Aidan's last view of the priest is distorted and his face is replaced by a big black smile of [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|Chronovorus]].)

(x:: They return to the main library area where Korrigan says that Aidan needs to learn how to use his magic. He explains that it often activates when you really need to use the magic and while the magic does come from [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|Chronovorus]], it is Aidan's will to do what he wants with the energy. This helps him calm down until he hears in his ear "or my will" from [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|Chronovorus]]. Some time later, Chenris and Mordecai return from [[Session Notes/Season 3 - The Worst Diplomates/Session 20#Aeloria's Room\|Aeloria's room]] looking incredibly troubled, especially Mordecai. Chenris still looks incredibly angry, still in his summer form. Korrigan tries to ask what happened and all Mordecai can muster is a meek sorry. He goes on to explain that he was offered a deal and now looking back he really regrets not taking it. If he had, then everyone would know all about [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/The Auditors/Uti †\|Uti †]] and so much more but it came a step cost of himself. Taking the deal would lead to him forgetting everything about himself and [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Mordecai's Backstory & Family/Claribelle Reverence †\|his mother]] all of him would be gone and would start from scratch. upon hearing this Korrigan is on verge of tears and gives him the biggest hug and explains that he received a similar deal but he at least got to keep most of his memories. Mordecai start to weep and Korrigan comforts him by saying it ok, if you think about it we didn't even know [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/The Auditors/Niaross †\|Uti]] existed a few weeks ago and they learnt so much since then, we can always learn about the dragon the old fashioned way. )

(x:: Noticing that chenris is still seething, asks what happened. Chenris explains curtly everything about his soul and the deal he was offered for the same information but for him it would remove his memories of [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Professor Varitan Leotoris †\|Professor Varitan Leotoris †]]. Korrigan reminds the elf that when it comes down to it, its the memory that counts not the note itself. Calming down, Mordecai hesitantly asks if he would like to hold on to [[Books, Documents & Artefacts/Artefacts/Leotoris' Last Problem\|the note]] from now on and after a long sigh he says yes. Korrigan joking ask for the magic words to which Chenris replies "Fuck off". Mordecai hands him the note with them both knowing this was a very big sign of trust. Korrigan also returns the Squirrel Staff. When Chenris grabs the staff, his vision shifts to show a [Mummy Lord](https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/16962-mummy-lord) picking up the squirrel, his eye flash as a wave physic damage washes over chenris as the Mummy lord crushes the squirrel and his vision returns. Suffering from a massive headache Chenris explains what he saws and surmises that they might need to deal with [[Locations/OFC/Whitespire/The Pyramid\|The Pyramid]] sooner rather than later. Korrigan uses [Animal Messenger](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/1994-animal-messenger) to tell [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Wurinn Fuuldrusch]] what is happening and to come join them in the Pyramid for a fight. Mordecai asks if they should prepare and Chenris points out that his [[Other Information/Unique Items/Alchemy Jug\|Alchemy Jug]] has made 7 greater health potions. he would've been able to make more but they were often busy that he didn't have time empty the jog. He gives 3 to Mordecai, 1 to Aidan and 2 to Korrigan. )

(x:: [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] decide to go [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Cliffhall\|Cliffhall]] as it is nearby and might have a place for them to stay the night. Chenris also comments how quite it was when they walk past earlier so it would be good to learn what happened and possibly even find out what happened to [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Galen Verix ‡\|Galen Verix ‡]]. They head out and just as they are crossing the bridge, they see a carriage and horse stranded by the roadside, they can also see that the driver had been murdered with most of the cargo being stolen. Assuming it's the guy who was hiding in the bush earlier that day, they scope out the area to make sure he isn't nearby. Aidan suggests taking the cart and Korrigan wants to befriend the horse and it seems to like him. They decide that taking the horse and carriage will make it easier to travel and could give people a chance to rest. Chenris sits in the carriage to read  exclaiming how nice it is to since he cant read and walk. Mordecai also sits and take the time to tunes his instruments. They make good time and arrive at [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Cliffhall\|Cliffhall]] just as the sun is setting.)

(x:: There are no guards at the walls, so they're able to go straight to the tavern. The door to the tavern is broken and they can hear people inside talking. Mordecai and Korrigan decide to eavesdrop on the convocation. The people are talking about sharpening their weapons and getting ready for something. Mordecai puts his ear to the door and and accidentally falls into the tavern. As soon as this happens, he pretends to be really drunk and one of the men looks at their sword before saying that he'll take them back to their house. Mordecai explains he isn't local and is from [[Locations/Uvam Dynasty/Uvam Dynasty\|Uvam Dynasty]]. Carrying on, he explains that he is a person of many homes. The man thinks this means he is homeless. Mordecai denies this and explains that he travels all over and accidentally mentions the [[Locations/OFC/Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)\|OFC]] and man seems shocked as they apparently don't see many OFC folk around anymore with [[Locations/OFC/Whitespire/The Pyramid\|The Pyramid]]. )

(x:: Upon hearing this, Korrigan enters the tavern apologising for his drunk friend and ask if they're getting ready for a fight like potentially at the [[Locations/OFC/Whitespire/The Pyramid\|The Pyramid]]. They say their not in the grave robbing business and mostly do protection work. To keep the conversation going he offers to buy them a drink. He gets a drink but the bartender insinuates that it's free without saying anything out loud. The man explains that they have been protecting the village since [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The Dawn Empire\|The Dawn Empire]]'s guards stop protecting the town and disappeared. They mostly are protecting people from bandits and thieves  and complains that The Dawn isn't as safe as it used to be. People apparently used to be able to travel without issue but now people are being murdered and robbed and their carriages are being raided. Korrigan shows them their carriage and asks if he recognises if who it belongs to. He doesn't know them personally but explains it's part of the [[Groups & Factions/Merchant Guild\|Merchant Guild]]'s fleet. Chenris, who stayed with the carriage asks where they could find one and is told they're in most major cities. Korrigan offers to help with watch but is turned down and as the man and his crew take great pride in in protecting the village. They get a room and go to sleep.)

(x:: The next morning, Chenris questions the bartender about what happened to all the people in the village and the bartender signs that they might behave been attacked by wolves but its unclear. Mordecai uses [Message](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/message) to make the conversation easier. The bartender is ecstatic at the fact he can so easily get his point across. According to him, the village was attacked a lot so people slowly started to move elsewhere, really anywhere but [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The Dawn Empire\|The Dawn Empire]]. They don't know the specifics, but the bartender recalls that one night all the guards just left and they locked up [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Dawnhaven/Dawnhaven\|Dawnhaven]] and no one has heard form them since. [[Other Information/Gold\|Gold]] is now pretty much worthless so he didn't see the reason for asking for payment for the drink last night. Chenris thanks him for his time and enderse to return once they find out what happened  )

(x:: Outside, Mordecai attempts to get rid of the [[Groups & Factions/Merchant Guild\|Merchant Guild]] decals to make their cart less suspicious. However, his attempt fails and he accidentally triggers an apparition that says not to tamper with guild property. After some investigation, Chenris figures out that the [[Groups & Factions/Merchant Guild\|Merchant Guild]] like to posses their carts as alarm system and it is mostly harmless, if a little annoying. Mordecai attempts to cast [Dispel Magic]( https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/dispel-magic) on it but fails. Chenris then figures out this is very old magic being used here so he casts [[Other Information/Display Tags/Dispel Ancient Goblin Magic\|Dispel Ancient Goblin Magic]] and it disappears straight away. Chenris uses his magical tinkering to put the party name on it and they name the horse [[Named Characters & Beasts/Beasts & Animals/Boogaloo\|Boogaloo]]. )

(x:: They head out and they give [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus Yelris]] a chance to be lookout, saying its a big part of being and adventurer. Sometime later she sees something and before she explains what is, she runs off down to a sparkling pond down a small hill next to the road. Mordecai messages to ask what is happening and to warn her not to touch or interact with things since even pretty things can be dangerous, so she waits at the pond for the party to catch up. Mordecai looks into the pond, he sees himself and he things he looks really good today and discovers the longer he looks into the pond, the more beautiful he becomes. They step back as they start to realises something is wrong but keeps staring. His reflect keeps getting more beautiful and his face starts to shift. He notes to Korrigan how weird the pond is but he does not see what Mordecai sees. In the reflection, Mordecai skin starts to become scaly and his physic starts to get bigger as he morphs into a [[Other Information/Races/Dragonborn\|Dragonborn]], however, Mordecai still sees it as the most attractive thing he ever seen. For a brief moment his vision swaps to being under the water looking back at his body. Its very peaceful underneath with rolling winds and bright blue skies, before he swaps back to his normal vision. )

(x:: Looking at his body, not the reflection, he sees himself as a [[Other Information/Races/Dragonborn\|Dragonborn]] and starts to develop a God complex. Korrigan is unable to see Mordecai's new visage after he is told what the [[Other Information/Races/Tiefling\|Tiefling]] sees. Korrigan boldly states that they are unable to see any difference, greatly offending him and exclaims that they would be wise not to offend a God like that. Now, when Mordecai looks into the lake, he sees a skinny deformed [[Other Information/Races/Tiefling\|Tiefling]] that notably isn't has pretty as him. Mordecai laughs and says he feels a lot more comfortable as a [[Other Information/Races/Dragonborn\|Dragonborn]] and Korrigan says that he only sees a [[Other Information/Races/Tiefling\|Tiefling]], only increasing his anger.)

(x:: Chenris, who stayed with the cart, calls down to see if anything of note is happening. Korrigan calls him and down to explain their situation while Mordecai exclaims that he would like to join [[The Party/Other Party Members/Steve Ulan\|Steve Ulan]]'s hero cult so he can be worshiped, he now notably doesn't want to look at the pond anymore. Aidan shoots an arrow into the pond, and watches in amazement as it turns into gold. Korrigan asks Mordecai to prove that he is a God, angering him further to the point where he strikes and throws the fey to his neighs and nods in satisfaction at his work. Now pissed, Chenris [Commands](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/command) Mordecai to "Dispel" to which they cast [Dispel Magic]( https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/dispel-magic) on the Magical Tinkering found on the cart. Chenris says "wrong move" and grapples the [[Other Information/Races/Tiefling\|Tiefling]] to force him to look at his reflection, causing him to attack with [Shocking Grasp](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/shocking-grasp). From their point of view the deformed [[Other Information/Races/Tiefling\|Tiefling]] reaches out and scratches Mordecai causing panic to settle in. Chenris shouts that this is a curse and he needs to snap out of it. The [[Other Information/Races/Tiefling\|Tiefling]] now starts climb down his throat making him gag and struggle to breath. Chenris hold firm and does not realise the boy as the [[Other Information/Races/Tiefling\|Tiefling]] is now climbing down his throat. It climbs into the body and cuts his face with its tail causing it bleed heavily, so heavily that the [[Other Information/Races/Dragonborn\|Dragonborn]] body also bleeds away - realising Mordecai from the curse.)

(x:: Once the cost is clear, Chenris berates Mordecai with [Vicious Mockery](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/vicious-mockery ) for being attacked earlier, they complain since they were being controlled, Chenris doesn't care. Chenris suggest they should move on unless there are anymore God complexes that wished to be enacted on. Mordecai sits in the cart in silence remembering everything and realising he was technically in control but but someone was influencing him. Looking in a normal mirror he notes that he doesn't feel as beautiful as before the whole ordeal. After a short journey they arrive at [[Locations/OFC/Whitespire/The Pyramid\|The Pyramid]], Chenris opens it with ease to see a familiar dark passage that he lights up with is [[Other Information/Unique Items/Multitool\|Multitool]] for people without Darkvision. He teams up with Korrigan to have a zombie squirrel to scout ahead around corners for them, korrigsn using his abilities to see through the eyes of the squirrel. This turned out to be a great idea as around the next corridor was a [Mummy](https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/16961-mummy) guarding the door to the next room. After confirming that this isn't the one with the golden staff that hurt Chenris earlier they move in to neutralise it. )

(x:: During the fight, korrigan's arm starts to get itch for an unknown reason. Additionally Aidan, is hit with the Mummies "Rotting Fist" ability, leading to his maximum health being lowered and an inability to heal. Chenris investigates and learns that Lesser restoration is not enough to cure this curse, and suggests taking him to [[Gods & Heralds/Seraphina/Seraphina\|Seraphina]] but isn't sure if she will be willing to heal him due to his appeared alliance with [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|Chronovorus]].)

(x:: In the room the mummy was found in, they find a long-dead skeleton holding a book called [[Books, Documents & Artefacts/Poems from the Sand Dunes\|Poems from the Sand Dunes]] which contains poems that seem to give hints on how to solve the puzzles with the temple. The room they are in has a deep in the well in the middle with four statues holding different colour gems. The ceiling has a small gap in it that is shining a thin beam of light on the red gem. Finding the appropriate poem, they aim the light on to the green, then blue, then purple and then finally into the well which then opens the door to the next room. This room is filled with 5 Mummies which the party lure the to the door, a chock point, and then using Area of Effect spells to quickly dispatch them, Korrigan entangling them with vines to slow them down and [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus]] and Mordecai slinging fire spells at them. Chenris and Aidan loot the Sarcophagi in the room and find a decent amount of a [[Other Information/Gold\|Gold]] and another hidden mummy they also quickly dispatch off. )