---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/season-3-the-worst-diplomates/session-13/","updated":"2025-08-06T13:50:40.707+01:00"}
---


# Session Summary
Chenris Tallfellow and Aidan Knight realize that the house they are staying in is a mimic, and they quickly wake their companions as the furniture starts to move. The Party escapes the mimic after a battle, spending the night traveling to the nearby coastal town of Enelion. At the inn, Chenris uses his noble status to secure a luxury room, revealing his noble heritage to the surprised group. The Party rests in the opulent accommodations, but tensions rise due to the presence of enslaved staff and Chenris’s prank on Aidan, which involves hiding his dagger in a portal.

The next day, after enjoying a lavish breakfast, the Party asks about meeting the Empress, Obeus Yelris, and learns that gaining the favor of local lords could help. They locate Lord Folre Enelion IV on the beach, surrounded by women, and secure his support by making flattering remarks. With the Lord’s favor, the Party sets off toward [[Locations/Ehobel/Nas Anor\|Nas Anor]], hoping to advance their quest.

# Full Session Notes
(x::[[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]] and [[The Party/Aiden Knight\|Aiden Knight]] look at each other in horror it dawns on them that the whole house might be a mimic. Chenris looks down at the beds in the room and the ones that [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]], [[The Party/The Korrigan\|The Korrigan]] and [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai Reverence]] are sleeping on are starting open their mouths and swallow them whole. Quickly Chenris wakes them up and explains the situation. As he is explaining the situation he notices that all the mimics in the room are starting to leave the room. Going outside the room they find that all the furniture is trying to leave the house as a whole. It dawns on Korrigan first "Are they leaving because the house is going to start digesting us?" Everyone bolts for the exit with Chenris and Korrigan using [Misty Step](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2195-misty-step) to get there before everyone and scope out the exit.)

(x::The door is locked and the man who let them in is starting to attack Mordecai, drache and Aidan. The last two manage to jump the stairs and get down to the landing but Mordecai is not so lucky. While Drache and Aidan help save Mordecai, Chenris and Korrigan start trying to knock down the before they realise it is made out of flesh and bone. Mordecai manages to escape the owner(?) and cast [Fireball](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2102-fireball) with the [twinned and careful](https://rpgbot.net/dnd5/characters/classes/sorcerer/metamagic/#metamagic-options)modifiers on it. dealing massive damage to the mimic. After a few attacks and [Inflict Wounds](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2156-inflict-wounds) [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] manage to break out of the mimic and escape. They spent the rest of the night walking to the next down over.)

(x::The next day the group made it to the coastal town of Enelion. Everyone is exhausted and decides it is for the best to rest up at the local inn. Approaching the the front desk Chenris enquires in elvish about rooms. She says there are many rooms available but she is confused about their party make-up as there are so many different races in it - especially a human one. Chenris explains that they are his guards. "And the human?" she enquired. And with a smirk, he said Aidan was his slave, he figured it would be an easy way to get revenge. She says very good, there a slave quarters down the hallway, it's in the basement. Aiden is unaware of what is being said about him as he doesn't speak English but quickly grasps the situation when hoteliers start escorting him to the slave room. The rest ask where Aiden is being taken. Chenris laughs before informing them of the news, “Just a spot of revenge, I’m sure he’ll be fine. I’ll even cover the room” the elf said.)

(x::Chenris enquires (in elvish) how expensive rooms are. The clerk explains that In this inn, there are 4 types of rooms: Peasant, Regular, Luxury and Nobel. Enquiring about the price, he finds that the Nobel room is available for 20 Gold but you had to prove that you were of nobel birth to even get access. A crooked smile crossed Chenris's face when he asked how would someone prove their heritage. He learns he just has to give a drop of blood on a nearby artifact and they could tell immediately. The rest of the party watches in confusion as chenris draws a small knife and cuts his finger for blood to fall on the artefact. Upon seeing the results of the test the clerk’s face goes white with shock and fear. Her tone becomes a lot more formal as she apologises for talking so casually to him. She orders some nearby slaves to open the portal to the Noble’s room. Two small slaves with large shackles on them stand next to a blank space in the wall which suddenly springs to life as a portal fills the space. She gives a deep bow and says "Right this way Lord Tallfellow”. Chenris motions for the rest to join him in their room.)

(x::Once through the portal, they are greeted with a massive pocket dimension with a lavish house in the middle. The house was single-story and was made out of beautiful dark wood and shining white marble with intricate carvings made into both the wood and the stone. Around the house was a perfectly maintained garden with a winding path to the front door. Everyone’s jaws hit the floor after seeing the house and how nice the room is. Mordecai, somewhat recovered asks how we can afford this type of room, Chenris casually responds with, “Oh, there’s a discount for novels.”)

(x::"YOU'RE A NOBEL!?!?", screamed the group.)

(x::"I have said many times that the Tallfellow name is a long and proud name, you just didn't believe me” replied Chenris.)

(x::Aidan manages to sneak back from the slave quarters and into the portal before it closes and joins the rest of the group inside. Slightly annoying chenris, he’d hoped that the slave room would teach the boy a lesson, but he would have to find another way. A slave with a metal helmet and mouth sawn shut runs up to greet them and through telepathy asks how he might be of service. Chenris responds in kind by asking them to prepare a meal and a place for people to sleep. He immediately does as he is told and Chenris follows him in. The Party still in shock and outraged about the treatment of the slaves starts to follow him. Korrigan seems especially mad at the sight of the slaves. Mordecai tries to ask if chenris is ok with this, as he gestures broadly to the poor treatment of the slaves. Chenris seems slightly conflicted before saying “This is the norm and here and for my station” They try to ask him about his but Chenris refuses stating that the party has learned more than enough about his troubled past recently. Chenris invites them to get comfortable and after some back and forth they all get comfortable and sleep.)

(x::Chenris is quick to enter his trance state while the others stay awake, conflicted with the sudden change of events. They complain about chenris recent behaviour, alarmed that he has been getting worse and worse with his disrespect and insatiable drive for knowledge that has gotten them in difficult situations a few times. They decide to explore the house and eventually find a small library in one of the rooms. Mordecai and Korrigan are perusing the books before their eye widens in shock. There was a book on the shelf named “Mousebert & the Emperor's Folly” which was written by Kal, Sera and Thorn. Mordecai vaguely remembered the name  Sera from the black ritual and Korrigan was familiar with his old name of Kal. They excitedly brought it back to the group as they showed everyone. Korrigan was especially excited as this was an actual link to his past that could help him with his mission in Lost Haven. After some time, their exhaustion got the better of them and they went to bed.)

(x::Chenris wakes up before everyone and wants to get payback for Aidan stealing and breaking his cloak. So he steals Aidan's dagger (badly, he will notice when he wakes up) gives it to a slave and tells him to hide it somewhere good. The slave nods and throws it into a portal and tells him it won’t be found where he has put it. Chenris approves and then goes into a study to do some reading and research. Even saying that he’ll leave a good review on his way out. After some time, the rest group wakes up to some amazing food, that has been prepared by the slaves. Aidan is too busy looking for his dagger since it won’t return to him when he summons it. The group ignored him as Chenris told them beforehand about what he had done with the dagger and they sat down to enjoy the meal.)

(x::Aidan gets increasingly irate about his missing dagger and starts accusing people of theft, Chenis, holding back his laugh, suggests he search everyone as it wouldn't make sense for them to steal a party member’s weapon, in case they got into combat. He searches everyone only to find nothing on them and it is nowhere to be found in the house. Meanwhile, Chenris, the rest of The Party and the slaves have been playing hot potato with the dagger, almost being caught many times until they eventually try to leave as they need to carry on with their journey. Aiden refuses to leave without the dagger, the party, beginning to think the man cared more about this dagger than them or the OFC, begins to get ticked off and explain that if it’s not here and it won’t summon to him then it must be out of range and heading out would be the best way to find it. They finally get him to leave only time to find the portal leading straight to the front desk with his dagger also landing on the desk as they pass through the portal. Everyone tries to stifle a laugh. Chenris flashes a thumbs up to the slave before the portal closes and it waves back almost excitedly.)

(x::As they are leaving the inn they ask the clerk how one might get an audience with the Emperor which she doesn't know but assumes it can’t hurt to have the backing of some of the monarchs. One of them, Folre Enelion IV Esquire, is often found on the beaches outside. They find the lord along the beach surrounded by at least 30 women, who on closer inspection are all under the charm spell, meaning they are not here of their own free will. This makes Korrigan irate but the rest of the party manages to calm him down and take him away. Chenris approaches the man, greeting him with a traditional Nobel Elvin greeting. Enelion is a very fat and disgusting man who is incredibly sexist as well as very pro-slavery. Chenris dances around the subject before picking his moment to ask for some kind of favour to meet the Empress. Chenris explains that he, and his concierge, are on a diplomatic mission from another country to make a trade deal but weren’t given many resources to complete the mission. The Lord gives a Harty laugh before looking at the rest of the party incredibly confused. “Why is your party made up of so many halfbreeds and… a human”. Chenris’ mind raced to come up with an excuse before saying, “Meat shields, wouldn’t to deface by perfect skin in a skirmish, would I”)

(x::There was a moment of pause before the lord let out a huge belly laugh, ordering his slaves to join in. “Very good young one, but what of your concubines?”)

(x::Chenris paused for a moment, his mind rarely thought of sex or such things and so had no idea of how to answer the question. He settled on saying he was laser-focused on his career as a diplomat and would gain all the concubines one could wish for once he had reached the top. The lord laughed, exclaiming that next time they meet he expects to see at least 15 women hanging off his arms “… or men, both can be fun” he said quite slyly. Chenris reminded him of the favour he needed.)

(x::“Ah yes!!” He said as he signed some papers, a slave passed him, “Here you go, you’re a smart kid I’m sure you'll manage. Now I must be off ta ta” as he was led to a nearby ornate carriage)

(x::Chenris thanks him for his time and rushes off, not wanting to engage in another conversation with the man. Chenris's morals may be loose, but they weren’t that bad. Mordecai tried to ask what they talked about but chenris refused to elaborate, or even stop walking. “I think it best we carry on our journey. As he began to follow a sign labelled “To [[Locations/Ehobel/Nas Anor\|Nas Anor]]”)