---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/season-3-the-worst-diplomates/session-14/","tags":["LevelUp"],"updated":"2025-08-06T13:56:58.505+01:00"}
---


# Session Summery
The Party is in Nas Anor, where Kal Korrigan suggests Aidan Knight sell his dagger at Halos Emporium and later retrieve it. Aidan agrees, and they successfully sell it for 50 gold, with Chenris Tallfellow selling some wyvern poison as well. As they head toward Ishnmel, Chenris gets everyone lost in the forest, where they are ambushed by [[Named Characters & Beasts/Beasts & Animals/Elven Cannibals\|Elven Cannibals]]. The party escapes with the help of a charmed cannibal and resumes their journey. They encounter Saleh Tower, one of The Ancient Pillars, where Korrigan subtly communicates with a mysterious entity inside. Moving forward, they meet a woman desperate to send a love letter to a bandit leader. Mordecai, disguised as a bandit, infiltrates the camp, learns of their plan to unleash an ogre on the city, and delivers the letter. Afterwards, the Party arms a gecko named Mannnnnn to assist against the bandits, then travels to Ishnmel, where tensions rise over discussions of Korrigan and Chenris' secretive plans.

Chenris and Korrigan sneak out early to investigate The Tower of Ishnmel. They learn about the tower's unique history and its construction by Niaross and Ashira Yelris. Korrigan meditates at the tree's roots, communicating with the entity Terathra, but the connection is cut short as he exhausts his magic. Meanwhile, Mordecai, Drache, and Aidan wake up to find their companions missing and rush to the tower. They find Korrigan nearly unconscious and Chenris dismissive of his condition, leading to a tense confrontation as Mordecai realizes the gravity of the situation.

# Full Session Notes
(x::[[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] are in [[Locations/Ehobel/Nas Anor\|Nas Anor]] and [[The Party/The Korrigan\|The Korrigan]] says it might be an interesting idea for [[Aidan Knight\|Aidan Knight]] to try selling his dagger and then returning it when they get away safely. Aidan is up for the idea, so they go to a [[Groups & Factions/Halos Emporium\|Halos Emporium]] and sell the dagger for 50g. Afterwards, [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]] sells some Wyvern poison for 55g. With that done, the party head out for [[Locations/Ehobel/Ishnmel/Ishnmel\|Ishnmel]].)

(x::For some reason, Chenris is in charge of directions and gets everyone lost in the forests where they're attacked by [[Named Characters & Beasts/Beasts & Animals/Elven Cannibals\|Elven Cannibals]]. Everyone tries to reason with it, but to no avail until chenris speaks in Elvish and they get some broken responses. Korrigan manages to charm the cannibal, and Chenris convinces it to take them out of the forest. As the party moves more, [[Named Characters & Beasts/Beasts & Animals/Elven Cannibals\|Elven Cannibals]] arrive, and they get chased by hunters. Everyone runs away. The charmed cannibal returns to the path, where he is compensated with a health potion.)

(x::The party encountered [[Locations/Ehobel/Saleh Tower\|Saleh Tower]], one of [[History & Events/The Ancient Pillars\|The Ancient Pillars]]. Chenris and Korrigan are eager to investigate, making [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai Reverence]] suspicious. They discover that this tower's crystal doesn't have a power source and is powered by incantations.)

(x::As they are leaving, Korrigan subtly casts [Speak with Animals](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2258-speak-with-animals) on the tower and gets a small response from something mysterious. After they've left, Mordecai confronts Korrigan about him and Chris's weirdness and reveals that he thinks there is a beast at the centre of the world whose tendrils allow the towers to work.)

(x::A little way from the tower, [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] runs into a devastated woman who has just been robbed. When the party ask if she wants help retrieving her stolen items, she says she doesn't care about them and wants the bandit leader. She thinks he is very handsome and wants to hook up with him. She wants the party to deliver a love letter to him. Korrigan tries to convince some animals to help provide a note, but all refuse. However, he does convince a gecko he factionally names [[Mannnnnn\|Mannnnnn]] to come and fight the bandits)

(x::Mordecai disguises themself as a HUNKY bandit and has a lesson in being a hunk from Drache before eventually infiltrating the bandit camp flawlessly. They find out that the bandits are feeding an ogre called [[Named Characters & Beasts/Grom\|Grom]], who will be released into the city to cause havoc and eventually take over. Mordecai delivers the note and then manages to escape without being chased by the bandit leader - he’s simply a matchmaker and has no ulterior motives.)

(x::Chenris wants Mordecai to return inside to grab the amulet that was meant to be their reward, but Mordecai refuses, saying they can probably get the equivalent amount of gold out of [[Named Characters & Beasts/Ms. Adrei\|Ms. Adrei]]. She turns out to be the daughter of a nobleman in [[Locations/Ehobel/Ishnmel/Ishnmel\|Ishnmel]], so Mordecai encourages her to rinse her old man out of all his money to help them and then writes a separate note explaining how she’s running away.)

(x::During their travels, Mordecai and Korrigan talk about the creature in the middle of the world, revealing that Korrigan thinks he can communicate with it. Mordecai asks if the towers fell, would the creature be released? Korrigan confirms that it won't. Korrigan also tells Mordecai he’s trying to build more towers in the OFC, but Mordecai feels like there’s something not quite adding up. As the party enters the city, [[Mannnnnn\|Mannnnnn]] insists he wants to find the bandit group. This leads the party to arm this gecko to the teeth with gear and potions so he can ambush the leader.)

(x::When they get to [[Locations/Ehobel/Ishnmel/Ishnmel\|Ishnmel]], they go to rest at an [[Groups & Factions/Adventurers Guild\|Adventurers Guild]]. Korrigan and Chenris try to room together, but Mordecai pulls the “we never get to go on watch together as the two people with dark vision” card to convince Korrigan to let them bunk with Chenris. Mordecai and Chenris discuss [Wild Magic](http://dnd5e.wikidot.com/sorcerer:wild-magic). Chenris is more intrigued by it than anything else and wants to study it. Especially since it hasn't happened at all yet. Before the two go to bed, Mordecai tries to warn chenris that Korrigan might not be the best person to team up with, but he doesn't listen, saying that Korrigan is a great research partner.)

### Chenris & Korrigan POV  
(x::Chenris and Korrigan wake up early and decide that they should check out [[Locations/Ehobel/Ishnmel/The Tower of Ishnmel\|The Tower of Ishnmel]] for themselves now that [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] is there to stop them from doing [REDACTED]. They rush over to the tower to find it's very different from most towers, with most of it being made up of a tree. They see a person in a white robe and ask them about the tower and its history. They find out the following:  
The capital city of [[Locations/Ehobel/Ehobel\|ehobel]] used to be [[Locations/Ehobel/Irs Thalor\|irs Thalor]] before it was moved to [[Locations/Ehobel/Ishnmel/Ishnmel\|ishnmel]]. First, they built [[Locations/Ehobel/Ishnmel/The Tower of Ishnmel\|The Tower of Ishnmel]] and then later built everything else around it in an effort to better defend [[Other Information/The Towers\|The Towers]].
- Tower was joint effort between [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/The Auditors/Niaross †\|Niaross †]] and [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/The Sundering Characters/Ashira Yelris †\|Ashira Yelris †]] a little after [[History & Events/The Sundering\|The Sundering]]. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/The Auditors/Niaross †\|Niaross †]] is a name that shouldn't be said too loudly because people do not always like it. Additionally, no one knows where they are since they would be hunted down for the same reasons.
- [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Galen Verix ‡\|Galen Verix ‡]] and [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/The Sundering Characters/Ashira Yelris †\|Ashira Yelris †]] used to be very good friends after the war until something happened that made Galen hate the Elves and vice versa.)

(x::Korrigan moves to the tree and starts to meditate at its roots. Using all of his magic, he connects with [[Gods & Heralds/Aetherion/Terathra\|Terathra]] and has a long conversation with it. Unfortunately, Korrigan soon runs out of magic and loses his connection with the entity. He comes back to the world and starts to lose consciousness. Chenris uses [Mage Hand](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2173-mage-hand) to stop his body from falling until he can get to him. Before Korrigan loses concentration, he tells Chenris that there's no way they can continue their plan without hurting [[Gods & Heralds/Aetherion/Terathra\|Terathra]] and possibly ending the world. Chenris scoffs.)

### Mordecai, Drache & Aidan POV  
(x::[[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] wakes up first to an empty room. He finds Mordecai (who slept in because Drache usually wakes them up when they bunk together). Drache thought Chenris and Korrigan were shagging. Mordecai debriefs him on the whole situation with the towers and flirts with Drache the entire time. They realise that they’ve wasted enough time and should go to the tower to see if those two have done anything stupid.)

(x::As they approach the tower, Mordecai can sense that something is going very wrong since the magic in the area feels very bad. The sprint into the tower to find Korrigan almost collapsed in Chenris’ arms. Mordecai sprints to Korrigan, checking for a pulse, while hurling verbal abuse at Chenris. Korrigan confirms that he could talk to the creature before passing out.)

(x::Chenris confirms that Korrigan is just tired and probably needs some rest. Mordecai is furious.)