---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/season-3-the-worst-diplomates/session-17/","updated":"2025-06-30T20:16:56.424+01:00"}
---



# Session Summery
The party, after reuniting outside the palace, decides to leave the city of Ishnmel to avoid being implicated in [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus]] Yelris's disappearance. During their escape, Mordecai Reverance reassures [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus]], who is delighted to have made friends for the first time. She offers them a cursed amulet, but Chenris Tallfellow confirms that the curse has been lifted. They set up camp outside the city walls, and during their watches, they uncover troubling news: [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Galen Verix ‡\|the Emperor]] is missing, local lords are gaining power, and [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/The Ethertwist Haunter\|The Ethertwist Haunter]] is monitoring them. They decide to keep moving toward [[Locations/Ehobel/Caalona\|Caalona]], only to be ambushed by [[Named Characters & Beasts/Beasts & Animals/Elven Cannibals\|Elven Cannibals]], who mysteriously revive after being killed. Chenris uses magic to command the [[Named Characters & Beasts/Beasts & Animals/Elven Cannibals\|Elven Cannibals]] to flee, allowing the group to make a hasty escape.

# Full Session Notes
(x:: [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] have just met up outside the palace and decided that their best course of action is to leave the city before anyone finds out that [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus Yelris]] has gone missing. As they walk through [[Locations/Ehobel/Ishnmel/Ishnmel\|Ishnmel]], [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai Reverence]] talks to [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus]] about the stars and tells the folktales of how they came to be through great warriors and researchers. One of these stories talks about friends leaving [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus]] feeling sad since she has never had friends due to not being allowed out of the palace. Mordecai says that ok because [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] will be her friends and she is overjoyed at the fact that she has made her first friends. She tries to give them money for this but Mordecai and [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Wurinn Fuuldrusch]] refuse since that is not what friends are about (instead they say it's about trade deals between nations). However, she insists on giving a gift but laments that the only thing she has on her is a special [[Books, Documents & Artefacts/Artefacts/The Emerald Swan Amulet\|Amulet]] her [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/The Sundering Characters/Ashira Yelris †\|mother]] gave her. Reading from a book she tells [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] the story of the amulet:)

	"The story goes that there once a very powerful wizard who lived in a tower in a far off land. He had accomplished a lot in his time but was unsatisfied since we was not able to learn everything about the world before died. Chronovorus, eager for some entertainment approached the man and made a deal with him, if he perform a scarifies to Chronovorus then he would create an artefact that would extent his 10 fold. The man agrees and sacrifices and untold amount of lives until the God was happy and created the amulet. However, Chronovorus cursed the amulet to kill the wearer through freak accidents. One day the creator was walking along a stream and tripped on a stone, fell into the stream and drowned."

(x:: Having dealt with [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|Chronovorus]] before, [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] was incredibly worried for their and [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus]]' safety with the amulet near them. [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]] casts [Identify](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2152-identify) on the amulet and breathes a sigh of relief when it seems that the curse has been lifted and curiously been taken on by someone else. )

(x:: [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] are now outside the gates of the city and asks [[The Party/The Korrigan\|The Korrigan]] where the best place to set up camp might. (Due to a low roll) He decides it would be best to sleep right outside the castle wall. Most people disagree but go with it once Chenris reminds them that Korrigan would know best in these situations. )

#### Chenris & [[The Party/Aiden Knight\|Aiden Knight]]'s Watch:
(x:: Sitting alone Chenris ask Aidan about his possession by [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|chronovorus]] and starts to take notes as Aidan is talking. Aidan reveals that the possession actually started the night before [[Session Notes/Season 3 - The Worst Diplomates/Session 15\|Session 15]] and it felt like something halfway between being in autopilot and being in a coma. That was until [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|chronovorus]] took full control and started opening time rifts. Apparently attacking his body did help him regain some control but this only angered the god and took back control. it was only after Mordecai cast [Dispel Magic](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2072-dispel-magic) that he regained control. Having learned all he wanted, Chenris closed his notebook and returned to reading. )

#### Chenris, Mordecai & [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus]]' Watch:
(x:: In Elvish Chenris and [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus]] overhear the city guards taking a newspaper article about [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Galen Verix ‡\|The Emperor]] having gone missing since [[History & Events/The War for the OFC's Freedom\|his war with the OFC]] and that local lords have started taking more land/ control than they normally would leading to a lot of panic. Reportedly [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Dawnhaven/Dawnhaven\|Dawnhaven]] is fine and hasn't suffered any loss or control. Mordecai, not understanding any of this, asks [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus]] about [[History & Events/The Sundering\|The Sundering]] and mentions that Chenris has been trying to translate an [[Books, Documents & Artefacts/The Sundering - As told by The Ashen Cult\|old book]] and get the full story but has been struggling with the last few chapters. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus]] asks to see it and instantly reads the title of the book out in Ancient Dwarfish and then again in Common. Mordecai asks if she can translate it and she does just that. )

(x:: She asks where they got this book since it is quite heretical to own a piece of material that looks at [[Gods & Heralds/Ignatius/Ignatius\|Ignatius]] in such a good light and the two, slightly panicked explain that they found it in an [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Steelwick/Iron Forge\| Ancient Dwarven Stronghold]] under [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Steelwick/Steelwick\|Steelwick]] surrounded by flames of an exploded researcher. She notes that that is how most followers of [[Gods & Heralds/Ignatius/Ignatius\|Ignatius]] tend to operate  (referencing [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]]) leading Mordecai to talk about the man that exploded outside the airship and asking about [[Groups & Factions/Religious Organisations/The Red Cult\|The Red Cult]]. Unfortunately, she has no idea what either of them. )

(x:: Mordecai then asks he she knows [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Ebis Daro\|Ebis Daro]] and she does, in fact, he is the one who taught her magic and Dwarfish. He also taught her about [[Locations/Fort Moldan\|Fort Moldan]] - The last surviving dwarven stronghold in [[Locations/The Amber Realms\|The Amber Realms]]. She exclaimed that he was a very wise Drawf (Ebis appeared as an Elf to [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]])  )

(x:: Talking about [[History & Events/The Sundering\|The Sundering]] further, Chenris and [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus]] talk about the [[Books, Documents & Artefacts/Artefacts/Firesoul Greatsword\|Firesoul Greatsword]] and about it's incredible enchantment to turn anyone it hits into [[Gods & Heralds/Ignatius/Ash Spawn\|Ash Spawn]] and how it is probably still out there and whoever has it must be terrifying. Soon their watch comes to an end. )

#### Korrigan, [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus]] & Drache's Watch
(x:: Korrigan and Drache bond over the fact that they can teach other the skills that they specialise in. Korrigan starts teaching Drache some basic ritual spells and drache shows some basic martial arts. Suddenly they notice that a [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Haunter Crows\|crow]] has been watching them intently for a long time. Using their respective ways of talking to animals they ask what it is doing and who it is watching for. The crow will not tell them. Korrigan attempts to use [Charm Monster](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/14763-charm-monster) on the crow 3 times and only succeeds on the final attempt. Drache then uses [Beast Sense](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2325-beast-sense) to allow him to know who the crow returns to. )

(x:: The crow returns to [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/The Ethertwist Haunter\|The Ethertwist Haunter]].)

(x:: Both of them start to panic as they're not sure if they should wake everyone up or let them sleep some more. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus]] is confused as she has never heard of the [[Gods & Heralds/Herald\|Herald]] before so the two inform her the best they can. They decide that everyone needs to be well-rested if they're going to deal with [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/The Ethertwist Haunter\|The Ethertwist Haunter]]. They get back to their conversation about teaching each other to distract themselves until everyone else wakes up. )

#### Watch Over
(x:: Once everyone has woken up, Drache and Korrigan explain what happened last night and the group decides it is best to get a move on so they can try and outrun  [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/The Ethertwist Haunter\|The Ethertwist Haunter]]. [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] decided it was best to take the route that goes through [[Locations/Ehobel/Caalona\|Caalona]]. Along the way, they encounter a man in the middle of the road with a knife in his leg. They call out whilst Korrigan looks in the foliage on either side of the path and finds multiple [[Named Characters & Beasts/Beasts & Animals/Elven Cannibals\|Elven Cannibals]] hiding and waiting to jump them. )

(x:: Strangely, once all of the [[Named Characters & Beasts/Beasts & Animals/Elven Cannibals\|Elven Cannibals]] were dead, they slowly came back to life and started to attack them again. Chenris used [Command](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2032-command) and told them to Flee so that [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] could get a chance to run away. )
