---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/season-3-the-worst-diplomates/session-23/","updated":"2025-07-13T10:44:37.383+01:00"}
---



# Session Summery
The Party exits the purple portal just outside of Yakawa, where they find Drache drawing in the mud, waiting for them. Aidan chooses to travel to Blackwall to cure his Mummy Rot, while the rest of the group catches Drache up on the recent events involving Steve Ulan’s cult, [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The All-Father Temple\|The All-Father Temple]], and The Pyramid. The Party decides to head to the Adventurers Guild to rest before sneaking into The Tulan Fort at night to rescue Emmeline. Drache explains his plan, which involves using a secret tunnel to infiltrate the fort and the help of his contact, Olgrik, to provide disguises. Though there’s some tension due to the lack of confirmation from Olgrik or Emmeline, Drache reassures the group of his trust in their allies.

The Party navigates the hidden tunnel and eventually meet Olgrik, who provides them with stolen Tulan armour as disguises. Olgrik and Drache exchange memories of their past, while Olgrik offers insights about the fort’s inhabitants and the current turmoil within Tulan’s leadership. As they prepare to enter the fort, Korrigan casts Pass Without Trace, and Mordecai uses Disguise Self to blend in. The group carefully makes their way through the fort, observing details about troop movements and leadership while avoiding detection. Upon reaching the torture chamber, they find Emmeline in a dire state. Drache's fury leads him to tear off the cage door, but they realize they need a key to free her. They split up, with Korrigan tasked to retrieve the key while Drache, Chenris, and Mordecai stay to guard Emmeline.

Inside the fort, Korrigan retrieves the key from the drunken torturer in the tavern without raising suspicion. Meanwhile, Aidan unexpectedly reappears, having experienced a bizarre time distortion caused by Chronovorus. Drache confronts Damascus Klyn in a tense duel, with the fight escalating to a life-or-death struggle for Drache. As Drache fights valiantly, he receives aid from his companions, but the situation remains dire. Just as Drache seems overwhelmed, the duel takes a shocking turn when a high-ranking member of the fort betrays Klyn by killing him, allowing the group to escape. In the aftermath, the fort descends into chaos, and the Party narrowly escapes as they witness Olgrik’s heroic last stand. With heavy hearts, they make their way back to Yakawa, where they reflect on the sacrifice of their allies and the turbulent events of the rescue mission.

# Full Session Notes
## Meeting Up With Drache & Planning
(x:: [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/The Auditors/Xekai\|Xekai]]'s purple portal opens just outside of [[Locations/Uvam Dynasty/Yakawa\|Yakawa]], and off in the distance they can see [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Wurinn Fuuldrusch]] drawing in the mud with a stick as he waits for them. [[The Party/Aiden Knight\|Aiden Knight]] decides not to go through the portal, instead opting to travel to '[[Locations/OFC/Blackwall/Blackwall\|Blackwall]] to cure his Mummy Rot at the Temple of [[Gods & Heralds/Seraphina/Seraphina\|Seraphina]] and ensure the horse and carriage are safe. Drache rushes up to meet them and exclaims that they look like shit and that he only left them for a few days. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai Reverence]] runs up to meet him gives him a massive hug and starts to explain the events of the last few days with [[The Party/Other Party Members/Steve Ulan\|Steve Ulan]]'s cult in [[Locations/OFC/Silkhorn\|Silkhorn]], [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The All-Father Temple\|The All-Father Temple]] and [[Locations/OFC/Whitespire/The Pyramid\|The Pyramid]]. Drache is shocked that they attempted the Pyramid without him, but [[The Party/The Korrigan\|The Korrigan]] explains that it was necessary as the Mummy Lord was becoming more active. He also asked if he got the message he sent with [Animals Messenger](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/1994-animal-messenger) about their plans, but Drache has no recollection of ever receiving the message.  )

(x:: [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]] suggests finding an Inn or [[Groups & Factions/Adventurers Guild\|Adventurers Guild]] to rest and discuss the rest of their plan. Mordecai then remembers [[Locations/Uvam Dynasty/Uvam Dynasty\|where he is]], and with a nervous look starts to disguise himself so he isn't recognised by the locals. As they are entering the town, they walk past Drache's dirt drawing, it's not very good but Mordecai tries to encourage him by making up artist nonsense. Drache says "I'm glad you can understand it because I definitely can't!" As he starts to laugh heartily. Now with some more time on their hands, Chenris examines Korrigan's wound and explains that the disease is definitely curable and is fine for now, but if left unchecked then he could turn into a zombie. Korrigan admits he has a weird craving for brains, turning to Drache, as his stomach starts to growl. Drache exclaims there isn't much up in his head, but Chenris on the other hand would be a lot tastier. Chenris fearfully grips his head, stating "My cranium will stay firmly uneaten, thank you very much". Mordecai and Drache fashioned a muzzle from some rope and put it on Korrigan as a precaution. )

(x:: They discover that the name "Yakawa" refers to a temple at the top of the mountain, there is then a town surrounding it where people and pilgrims live or rest. The town is built on the mountain edge breaking the town into tiers going up the surface of the [[Locations/Verdant Spine\|Verdant Spine]] with the shrine at the highest point. The town surrounding the shrine is protected by large palisade walls. It is currently late afternoon, so Drache suggests resting up now so they can sneak into [[Groups & Factions/The Tulan Fort\|The Tulan Fort]] in the dead of night and have a better chance of rescuing [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Emmeline\|Emmeline]]. They go to the Adventures Guild where two [[Other Information/Races/Tiefling\|Tiefling]]s are running the reception. Mordecai is unwilling to speak, not wanting to be accidentally noticed by anyone, so Drache is the one to ask for their usual two rooms. But once he is given the rooms, he insists they show him the way - something that is not typically at all, but they relent and awkwardly show them the way. Once shown to their room, Drache suggests having 'an emergency meeting' to discuss their plans. One of the receptionists comments "That's a weird name for a fivesome". Korrigan, forgetting that [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus Yelris]] was with them, says there are only 4 of them causing [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus]] to become mad at him again. She runs off stating that she'll get her own room. Korrigan tries to apologise but it's a lost cause.  )

(x:: Drache explains his plan: There is a secret tunnel through the mountain that leads straight into Tulan that nobody knows about. They go in the dead of night to make sure they're not spotted by the many guards that live in the fort. He has a friend on the inside, named [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Olgrik †\|Olgrik †]], who can help them in and give them disguises to make them less conspicuous when exploring the fort. Despite all of their precautions, he warns that things could get messy or chaotic so everyone needs to be on the top of their game for this mission. Korrigan mentions he could cast Pass Without Trace to help the stealth-inclined party members sneak through unnoticed. It's at this point the ranger realises he can take off the muzzle, and does so sighting he'll need it off for spell casting. Drache makes one final confession, He was able to make contact by bribing a supply delivery to pass some notes into the fort but hasn't received any confirmation from [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Olgrik †\|Olgrik †]] that the plan is happening since he is unable to respond. This also means [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Emmeline\|Emmeline]] might not know they're coming but Drache has complete trust in both of them so not to worry.)

## Traveling To The Fort
(x:: Once [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] is rested Korrigan spends some time learning and casting [Lesser Restoration](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/lesser-restoration ) so he can cure his hand of the zombie virus. He watches as disgusting black ooze leaks out of his hand. The streets were incredibly quiet, unlike their experience of [[Locations/Uvam Dynasty/Minatota/Minatota\|Minatota]] as Drache led the way to the secret tunnel. They walked along the path as took them further and further up the mountainside. Soon they came to a dilapidated small house, that looked like no one had touched it, let alone lived in it, for centuries. Having walked the path many times, Drache enters the house with no hesitation and goes into the living room/ kitchen. He makes a B-line for the cupboard on the back wall and opens the doors. With a practised hand, he finds the hidden switch and opens the false back revealing a dark stone tunnel that seems to have been cut off the mountain long ago. )

(x:: He slowly enters the tunnel, explaining that this is where he told his friend to meet him. He lit a torch to illuminate the tunnel and ventured deeper. Everyone but Drache was on edge as each of their footsteps vibrated off the impossibly smooth walls of the passageway. They had been walking for some time when they saw a light off into the distance, companied by the squeaking of carriage wheels carrying a heavy load. Drache rushes up to greet his old friend, with [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Olgrik †\|Olgrik †]] opening his arms to welcome a large bear hug from his [[Other Information/Races/Dragonborn\|Dragonborn]] friend. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Olgrik †\|Olgrik †]] is a half-orc wearing the purple armour of the Tulan Fort, his body and face were covered in painful-looking scars. He almost cried for joy saying, "It's really you stumpy!". Behind him was a small cart with large sacks on it, which the half-orc started to unload as the two caught up. He apologised to Drache that he was unable to respond to his letters as one was found and burnt leading to him being put on low rations for 2 weeks as punishment. Drache apologises, but the half-orc will have none of it stating that it's all for a good cause. )

(x:: Soon the rest of [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] catches up and asks what's going on. Drache introduces the man as [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Olgrik †\|Olgrik †]], his best friend in the fort before he left. They also explain that they call Drache Stumpy because he is one of the smallest in the fort. Everyone found this incredibly hard to believe with how their friend is - easily towering over most of the people they've met on their journey so far. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Olgrik †\|Olgrik †]] then notices Drache's missing leg and states it will be quite a shock to [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Emmeline\|Emmeline]] but he's sure that won't matter in the end. Mordecai asks what types of people typically work at the fort so he could start working on a disguise. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Olgrik †\|Olgrik †]] explains that there are a lot of half-orcs and many of the other races. "They ain't too picky as long as you can fight and will obey [[Named Characters & Beasts/Damascus Klyn †\|the boss]]" explains [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Olgrik †\|Olgrik †]]. Drache admits they don't treat people well at Tulan, unlike in [[Groups & Factions/The Emerald Fort\|The Emerald Fort]]. Mordecai explains that he has some spells that he can use to disguise himself, the half-orc laughs stating he'll need to put on a lot of muscle to fit in around the fort. )

(x:: He then opens the bags from the cart to reveal a few sets of worn and quite gross Tulan armour. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Olgrik †\|Olgrik †]] had stolen them from the laundry room, finding it funny that there would be a few Fort members walking around naked for a while. Mordecai is repulsed by the armour and uses [Prestidigitation](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2213-prestidigitation) to clean some of the armour up, at least so it doesn't stink off Orc sweat. Now that the whole party was in the light of a torch he started to laugh at how scrawny they were, wondering why Drache would hang out with them. Drache jumps to their defence stating that they're strong in other ways and (mostly) good people. Everyone starts to put on the armour own, Drache fits well into it but it's a bit big for the rest, it's one size fits all so they would have to make do with what they had. )

(x:: As they inch closer to the Tulan entrance, the number of cobwebs and debris increases until they are confronted with a grand arch housing a false wooden back, presumably another cupboard. [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]] asks how long the tunnels have been around, but Drache has no idea, they existed before he or Damascus arrived, with the fort leader arriving some 20 years ago. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Olgrik †\|Olgrik †]] states that if they have any last-minute preparations to make then do them now. He has to go on ahead so people don't get suspicious. Before he leaves Drache asks if much has changed since he left. The half-orc glumly tells him most things haven't changed, Klyn has gone mad and even sided with [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The Dawn Empire\|The Dawn Empire]] during [[History & Events/The War for the OFC's Freedom\|the war]], so people are losing faith in his leadership fast. Drache promises to repay the favour, but the orc will have none of it and opens the false backing, disappearing into the fort. Korrigan takes this time to cast Pass Without Trace while Mordecai uses [Disguise Self](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2619102-disguise-self) to change his appearance to match an extremely buff half-orc, Drache gives him a flirty wink. )

## The Tulan Fort & Rescue Mission
(x:: With their preparations made, Drache opens the bookcase and steps out into the familiar storage room of the fort, mostly filled with boxes of rations. They hope that most should be asleep, allowing them to move through the fort without encountering many people. They quietly open the door and are confronted with an empty courtyard with a fountain. They take a right and along a path, they encounter a heavy wooden door, Drache explains this is the throne room, and they will have to be as quiet as possible in there or be spotted and tortured. Putting an ear to the door they can hear a man snoring. Drache, assuming it is Damascus, explains that he is a light sleeper so be careful as they all sneak in. Klyn is asleep on his throne, there are many knick-knacks strewn about the place as well as various notes, maps and journals.  As they are passing through Chenris garners at the maps to see if they hold any useful information. The maps have most major cities marked, and highlight where Tulan troops patrol. It seems they never go beyond [[Locations/The Desert/The Great Wall\|The Great Wall]] to the south, and keep a wide birth from [[Groups & Factions/The Emerald Fort\|The Emerald Fort]]. )

(x:: They carried on through the next door and reached a room where they didn't even have to open the door to smell the stench of iron and viscera. Opening the door, they were greeted with the forts torture rooms. The various tables, furniture and floors were covered in blood and ripped-out fingernails. A few of the latest victims were still strapped to tables or hung on the wall, and a pile of corpses had been constructed in the corner, ready to be cleaned away. Another wall was lined with prison cells with one holding [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Emmeline\|Emmeline]] shackled upside down to the wall covered in blood and gore. Mordecai, in a comforting voice, explains that she needn't worry, they're here to help, his words carrying the power of [Healing Word](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/healing-word) on them. Barely conscious and not recognising Mordecai's voice, she spat a gruesome mixture of blood, bile and bone at him, exclaiming they'll never take her alive. Seeing his loved one in such a horrifying state, Drache falls into a fit of rage, ripping the cage door off its hinges and throwing it to the side. Practically falling to the floor to meet her face he asks how she's been and he coyly replies, "Oh you know, I've just been hanging around". )

(x:: He begins to try and take her cuffs off but has no luck. Chenris takes a closer look and immediately recognises them as Magical Cuffs, a type of restraint that can be broken by neither magic nor weapons and would require a key. Mordecai and Korrigan start to panic as the thrown door makes a large amount of noise, saying they have to leave soon or they might be caught. Chenris ask [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Emmeline\|Emmeline]] if she knows where the key to her restraints is. She says that the torturer often spends the night at the tavern, drinking himself half to death, he'll probably be there. Before they leave, Drache finds a flower and put it in her hair, she responds with "This is the gayest shit I've ever seen", and everyone stifles a laugh before Mordecai says to hang in there. With a sarcastic smile, she says "Don't worry, I've got time. My dinner reservation isn't till 6.")

(x:: Retracing their steps, they approach Klyn's room and to their horror, they discover he is no longer sleeping in the room instead there are two guard dogs in his place. They manage to sneak past without riling up the dogs and arrive in the courtyard again. Chenris suggests that he could cast [Locate Object](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/locate-object) to find the key and detects its presence southwest of their location, Drache confirms that the tavern is in that direction. There is a door in that direction, but after a quick investigation, they learn this leads to the sleeping quarters for the officers of the fort. Drache points out that the large wound gate going up would be their best as it should take them through the main soldier's area and into the tavern.)

(x:: Just as they're about to head in that direction, Korrigan notices a door starting to creak open and ushers everyone into a bush to hide. Out the door [[Named Characters & Beasts/Damascus Klyn †\|Damascus Klyn †]] and [[Named Characters & Beasts/Vormomli Bronzehand\|a strong-looking dwarf]] appear talking about how they "Might as well kill that [[Groups & Factions/The Emerald Fort\|Emerald Fort]] bitch, She won't give us anything" as they head into the throne room. Drache could not help but feel proud at how resilient his love had been. With [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Emmeline\|Emmeline]]'s life on the line, they decide to split up. Korrigan will go grab the key while the rest will try to save [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Emmeline\|Emmeline]] if she is in danger. Mordecai gives everyone Bardic Inspiration, while Drache gives Korrigan directions to the fort before they split up for their missions.)

### Korrigan's POV
(x:: Behind the wood gate, was a guard dog curled up for warmth, paying Korrigan no mind. Resisting the urge to pet the animal, korrigan pushed on. Along the path were two guards playing cards, who once seeing his armour paid him no mind. Miss remembering his directions he accidentally enters the officers' room again through a side door. The two guards become very confused with Korrigan's actions until he deliberately mutters "I have such a bad memory of this place, might as well go back to the tavern drunk" as he walks past them. They give him a cheer and hand him a beer for free, but Korrigan feels bad and gives them 5 [[Other Information/Gold\|Gold]] for the trouble. Behind the correct door is an open field, filled to the brim with large tents surrounding various fire pits. Korrigan tries his best to walk with purpose and find the tavern. )

(x:: Finding the place relatively easily, he enters the building, he is struck by the stench of stale beer, vomit and sweat. It's quite a large building with people still drinking the night away. Korrigan finds his mark quickly, the torturer was the only person not in armour and passed out at his table, his grog still in hand - half of it was spilt onto the table. He inches closer to the man and successfully pickpockets him without being caught. Just as he is leaving the man grabs his arm. Frozen with fear that his disguise had been seen through, slowly turned to face the man. The torturer splutters and slurs his way through saying "You alright Mum?". Sighing with relief, korrigan puts on his best impression saying "Always when you're around, here's another beer" before handing him the free beer he had received earlier. The torturer then attempts to drink it but forgets to take the cap off. Korrigan takes this as his cue to leave. Noting that none seemed to be paying for their drink with [[Other Information/Gold\|Gold]] or silver.)

Walking back the way he came, Korrigan noticed the air around him start to shift and shimmer in a way that sent familiar shivers down his spine. Then one moment nothing was in front of him, the next Aidan appeared. 

#### Aidan's POV
(x:: Aidan had decided to not separate from the group and go to the Temple of [[Gods & Heralds/Seraphina/Seraphina\|Seraphina]] to cure his Mummy Rot. Having received his healing he felt more powerful than ever and felt that if he raised his hands at that very moment, then something big would happen. As he did so the world around him slowed to a halt, as a cruel God's laughter could be heard echoing in his head. No matter what he tried, time was stuck in this state of sinful silence. With little else to do, he began to wonder. The once familiar and vibrant world around him was now a shadow of itself, cold and unmoving. Eventually, he found his way to the wear the party had left the horse and carriage and moved them to a safe place in [[Locations/OFC/Blackwall/Blackwall\|Blackwall]] then wondered to what he hoped was [[Locations/Uvam Dynasty/Yakawa\|Yakawa]]. When all was said and done, Aidan had spent nearly a week wondering this wasteland alone desperate to hear anything that wasn't the laughter of his cruel patron. Eventually, he found the fort where he discovered Korrigan stuck motionless on the path. As he looked upon his party member, the world slowly started to spin again as time resumed its march forward. )

### Korrigan's POV Resumed
(x:: Korrigan, very aware of the fact that Aidan was not wearing the armour of Tulan quickly ushered him behind a tent and out of sight. He tried to find him some uniform but had no luck as the only source they could find was a nearby guard, who was half asleep - and they did not want to take the risk. Through a stoke of genius, korrigan offers to tie Aidan up as a hostage who was bound for the torture rooms. He could then hide a dagger in the ropes so he could escape at any time if needed. Aidan didn't like this plan and just asked to be tied up normally and he would summon his dagger to him if needed ([[The Party/Other Party Members/Meta/Sam Gallon\|Editor's Note]]: This probably wouldn't work as he would have no hands to grab the dagger with when bound like this).)

### Chenris, Drache, Mordecai & [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus]]' POV
(x:: Chenris states that time is of the essence and they should get back to the torture chambers as soon as possible, with none in disagreement they rush to the door. They quietly opened it to find no sign of [[Named Characters & Beasts/Damascus Klyn †\|Damascus Klyn †]], but the Dwarf stood over the maps, lost in thought. He was so deep in thought that he didn't even notice Mordecai sneaking past him to the torture chambers. Drache whispers that if he hears anything, Chenris will not be able to stop him from running into the room to defend his lover. Chenris says that if he does then he will do his best to hold the rear and stop the dwarf from joining the fight, however, for now, they have to be quiet so no guards get suspicious and investigate.)

(x:: By this point, Mordecai has made it to the room to find it unchanged since they last were there. He uses [Message](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/message) to update the rest of the party on the situation. They decide to wait for Korrigan and the key so they free [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Emmeline\|Emmeline]] and escape quickly. Drache suggests that [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus]] should keep watch for any patrols and she runs off to keep a look out. Mordecai, while waiting for the key, spends some time comforting [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Emmeline\|Emmeline]] and making her as comfortable as possible, when she looks behind him and screams. Before he can react, the [[Other Information/Races/Tiefling\|Tiefling]] is knocked unconscious by a club from behind. Hearing the scream, Drache is about to jump into action before he does Chenris suggests that he should use his reply to Mordecai and find out what happened, after getting no reply they decide it is time they enter the room. Chenris surmises that they will need another healer if they get into a fight and rushes to grab [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus]]. )

(x:: As he approaches her she tells him to be quiet as people are approaching. From their vantage point, they can see a guard walking a prisoner down to their location. Chenris is dumbfounded when he recognises Aidan as the prisoner because as far as he was aware, the rogue was in [[Locations/OFC/Blackwall/Blackwall\|Blackwall]] still. He is unable to ascertain the identity of the guard, however. As they get closer, Aidan spots Chenris and [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus]] hiding and motions that everything is ok. )

### Drache's Duel
(x:: Drache begins to sneak into the room and greets [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Emmeline\|Emmeline]] and Mordecai unconscious on either side of Damascus' throne, with the man himself seated and bored. The barbarian is instantly spotted, so he just walks in to confront his cruel former boss. As he approaches, he spots out of the corner of his eye, the Dwarf readying a sneak attack. Effortlessly dogging out the way, the [[Other Information/Races/Dragonborn\|Dragonborn]] snarled "You sneaky bastard". "Worth a shot" grumbled the dwarf as Drache explained his respect for the attempt. Witnessing the entire event, Klyn begins to cackle.)

(x:: Drache turns to the man stating "I knew you were a spineless fucking worm, but this a new low, even for you". "Big words coming from the man who abandoned us because he was too scared to fight in wars" snarled the fort leader. "I seem to remember that it was my side that won the war, not yours" Drache retorted. )

(x:: "As I'm sure you're aware I give all my troops the illusion of choice: You can die now or maybe die in battle. Both options will lead to their death, just one benefits me instead. Unlike them, I'll give you a real choice: Save your friend here or ya girlfriend. I don't care either way, but one must die" declared Damascus, as he broke down with deranged laughter. )

	Drache chuckled, seeing that deep down his boss never really changed. "From now on I chose my own path and I choose you, let's have a duel!" 

(x:: As Drache said those would, a crooked smile spread across Damascus' face and he accepts the duel, excited to see another man suffer for defying his orders. He walked to the middle of the room, kicking [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Emmeline\|Emmeline]] as he went. This action sent Drache into a rage, like none he had ever experienced. His hands were white hot as drew his great sword it seemed to almost beg him to draw blood and rip limb from limb. Chenris used this time to try and incapacitate the Dwarf but misses, the dwarf raises a transparent wall to make sure they can not interfere with a duel, lest he is branded a duel breaker. Korrigan knows that these types of people value honour and reputation above all else, so would never dream of sullying his reputation by interviewing in an official duel. This helped calm the rest of their nerves. )

(x:: Now deep in his rage, Drache charged into the fray. Calmly Klyn approaches the fight and swings his Great axe, leaving a deep gash in the [[Other Information/Races/Dragonborn\|Dragonborn]]'s chest. As if he never felt pain, Drache did not cease his charge has managed to swing 3 times in under 6 seconds, gouging out chunks of flesh. After some exchanges of blows Drache remarks, "I don't remember you being this weak". However, their gap in skills seemed to become apparent as Drache was now ragged and out of breath while [[Named Characters & Beasts/Damascus Klyn †\|Damascus Klyn †]] was only just getting started and soon Drache fell to his knees. )

("See still weak, still scrawny and still a little boy. Now choose friend or girlfriend" spouts the fort leader, as holds the [[Other Information/Races/Dragonborn\|Dragonborn]] up by his hair to choose who will live or die. Korrigan manages to heal Drache enough to keep fighting while [Hexing](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/hex) Damascus. "Oh so you want to keep going, I'll keep knocking u down, just like when we were children. Maybe I'll even take your other leg" hissed [[Named Characters & Beasts/Damascus Klyn †\|Damascus Klyn †]]. Drache swings wildly and lands a devastating blow "Oh so you still have some bite left", jested Klyn and Drache swung wildly. "I will never stop swinging and trying to fight for our freedom" as he misses one swing but landing the last. "Well I can't blame you for trying" replied Klyn, seemingly unaffected. )

(x:: Upon seeing their companion close to death, Chenris and Korrigan - two known for their disregard for social norms - [Misty Step](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/misty-step ) into the makeshift arena. Chenris casts [Command](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/command) on both of them to tell them to leave. It works on the dwarf but is countered by Damascus, who sends the command right back, but the elf is unable to leave due to the wall. "You should know boy that those spells don't work on the likes of me" snarled [[Named Characters & Beasts/Damascus Klyn †\|Damascus Klyn †]] before turning his attention back to Drache. )

(x:: "I'm sorry [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Emmeline\|Emmeline]], you know my love for you is never-ending, Mordecai, he does not deserve this. You don't either. We will find each other again in this life, or the next" Drache says as his mind races to come up with a solution that does not exist. Once again Korrigan heals the man, saying, "Stand up my friend, don't take defeat so easily". Drache rises again, mustering his courage to swing his sword one last time. Just as he is about to swing the blade, Drache's vision is covered in blood and brain matter, as the dwarf fires a crossbow point-blank to the back of [[Named Characters & Beasts/Damascus Klyn †\|Damascus Klyn †]]' head, killing the man instantly. "I've had quite enough of all you bullshit Klyn. Now you all should leave while you have the chance" growled the dwarf.)

(x:: Korrigan, Chenris and [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus]] waste no time in healing everyone. They begin to help Drache up be he refuses, insisting they help [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Emmeline\|Emmeline]] instead. Chenris gives him and an old staff to use as a crutch. As they all go to leave, Drache returns the favour by spitting at Damascus and taking his Great Axe as a prize and saying "This is where you fucking belong".)

(x:: As they're leaving, a large explosion at the camp vibrates across the camp, the shockwave through dust and leaves into the air. In the distance, they hear someone shout "The time is now boys" as they hear the sounds of screams and death. A Tulan soldier rushes up exclaiming "Please can you help, they'll kill me" before getting murdered by another soldier. They find that the once peaceful courtyard is now a battlefield With Olgrik in the middle of it fighting several officers. See his friend victorious, he shouts "Live on stumpy!!!". However, this small moment of distraction is enough for an officer to dig their blade deep into the half-orc's chest, dead on the spot. Drache shed a tier for his best friend but refused to let his sacrifice go to waste, muttering "He knew what he was getting into and died doing what he loved". [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] easily snuck past the rest of the battle and safely escaped from the tunnels. As they arrived in [[Locations/Uvam Dynasty/Yakawa\|Yakawa]], they could still see the smoke rising from behind the mountain.)
