---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/season-3-the-worst-diplomates/session-16/","updated":"2025-08-19T12:21:20.812+01:00"}
---


# Session Summery
After the events of Session 15, the party returns to the Adventurers Guild for some rest. The next morning, a prank war erupts over breakfast, with Mordecai Reverance and Kal Korrigan busking for a free meal while Chenris Tallfellow outdoes them by ordering the most expensive options. Frustrated, Mordecai and the group decide to seek an audience with Empress [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus Yelris]] to warn her of a potential threat to Ishnmel. Despite initial resistance from the guards, they are granted entry and discuss various concerns, including a bandit camp and the possibility of a trade deal with the OFC. During the conversation, the group learns about [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus]]’s desire to explore the world outside the palace, prompting them to hatch a plan to help her escape. 

Mordecai, Aidan, and Korrigan sneak into the palace with the help of Korrigan's spell, but a mishap forces Mordecai to distract the guards as a jester, allowing the others to successfully sneak [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus]] out. Meanwhile, Chenris visits Grandmaster Ebis to inquire about Master Enel Cubus's disappearance. Ebis reveals a shocking ability to transform into different figures, unsettling Chenris. He runs back to the group, who notice his panic and learn that their minds may have been read by an unknown force. Disturbed and confused, they gather outside to regroup and plan their next steps.

# Full Session Notes
(x:: After the events of [[Session Notes/Season 3 - The Worst Diplomates/Session 15\|Session 15]] [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] go back to the [[Groups & Factions/Adventurers Guild\|Adventurers Guild]] to have a nights rest. and wake up the next morning for breakfast. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai Reverence]] decides he and [[The Party/The Korrigan\|The Korrigan]] should busk for a Deluxe breakfast (Worth 25 [[Other Information/Gold\|Gold]]) as a way to show up [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]]. The staff agree that if they busk for an hour or so they'll get a breakfast on the house. Chenris overhears this and decides to show them up no matter what. Mordecai and Korrigan get their free breakfasts, Chenris orders the deluxe breakfast and bottle of their most expensive wine, [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Wurinn Fuuldrusch]] orders a standard breakfast. Mordecai is mad at Chenris for ruining his prank.)

(x:: [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] decided to go straight to the palace and see if they can get a an audience with [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|The Empress]]. As they approach, they realise that Mordecai is the only person with [Dispel Magic](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2072-dispel-magic), and can stop [[The Party/Aiden Knight\|Aiden Knight]] and as he is a human, he probably wouldn't be welcome in the palace. Chenris, Korrigan and Drache approach the The Empress' chambers and ask the guards if they've able to have an audience with her. He states that The Empress is not to be disturbed and isn't taking visitors. After a few attempts at convincing the guard they manage to convince both him and the empress that they should talk a because they know of an threat to [[Locations/Ehobel/Ishnmel/Ishnmel\|Ishnmel]]. )

(x:: They enter her room and are greeted by a large room filled from head to toe with books. Chenris walks in and addresses her with royal decorum (She doesn't care), Drache gives a short bow and Korrigan just stands there and waves. She asks what they need to tell her. Chenris explains the threat of the bandit camp and their weapon [[Named Characters & Beasts/Grom\|Grom]] and she asks for them to show her on a map and puts a large map on the floor. Chenris uses [[[Mage Hand\|[Mage Hand]]](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2173-mage-hand) to point to the spot on the map. He then talks about [[Locations/Ehobel/Ishnmel/The Tower of Ishnmel\|The Tower of Ishnmel]] that had fallen the night before. She says that she remembers reading about the tower but doesn't seem too concerned by it falling. Chenris asks why and she remarks that if it was stopped before than it can be stopped again. Chenris responds by saying he's not so sure since it read to him that [[Groups & Factions/The Coalition\|The Coalition]] won mostly out of luck. She doesn't agree but respects his opinion.)

Finally Chenris asks about a potential trade deal with the [[Locations/OFC/Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)\|OFC]] and [[Locations/Ehobel/Ehobel\|Ehobel]] since it is now a free nation and even fought and bested [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Galen Verix ‡\|Galen Verix ‡]] in [[History & Events/The War for the OFC's Freedom\|War]]. She says she remembers reading about this in the newspapers and congratulates them on their victory. She asks what they have to trade and chenris lays out the following:
- [[Locations/Ehobel/Ehobel\|Ehobel]] gets most of what it needs from its plentiful forests, however, there is a shortage due to [[Named Characters & Beasts/Beasts & Animals/Elven Cannibals\|Elven Cannibals]]. Chenris suggests the OFC use some of its forces to kill of and keep these [[Named Characters & Beasts/Beasts & Animals/Elven Cannibals\|Elven Cannibals]] at bay to allow for farming. 
- [[Locations/Ehobel/Ehobel\|Ehobel]] doesn't have great access to croplands, OFC and outsources some of it fertile land 
[[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus Yelris]] is unaware of either of these things being a problem but says she would be open to negotiating a deal with the OFC. After some talking about [[History & Events/The Sundering\|The Sundering]] and that she is not allowed out of the tower the group finally realises that [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/The Sundering Characters/Ashira Yelris †\|Ashira Yelris †]] is [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus]]' mother and her father is [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/The Sundering Characters/Caden SteelBreaker †\|Caden SteelBreaker †]] which would partly explain why her guard are so afraid to let her out since Half-Elfs are very rare and are often born with birth defects. As they're talking about the outside, Korrigan asks if she has ever wanted to escape and see the outside world, she says yes and the orders them to break her out of the palace. They agree and depart.

(x:: The group fills in Mordecai and Aidan what happen inside and the plot to break [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus]] out. Chenris pulls Mordecai aside and ask him to help infiltrate the castle since he has certain skills that could be helpful with distractions. Mordecai agrees but ask if he thinks Mordecai is stupid and Chenris just says yes. )

### Mordecai, Aidan and Korrigan's POV
(x:: Korrigan casts [Pass Without Trace](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2201-pass-without-trace) and they find a window to climb through but as they get into the room Mordecai's costume bag makes a massive sound because of the outfit has bells on it. With a guard coming to investigate Mordecai puts the costume on and jumps out the window and tries to act confused. They successfully trick the guard into thinking they're arew a jester and put on a show to distract them so the others can sneak [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus]] out without anyone knowing. They put Chenris' [[Other Information/Unique Items/Clockwork Bird\|Clockwork Bird]] in her room to make it sound like she is till in there and make sure people don't discover too early. Everyone gets out and no one knows what has happened. They go to meet up with Chenris and Drache.)

### Chenris' POV
(x:: Chenris decides to go see [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Ebis Daro\|Ebis Daro]] to ask questions about [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/Enel Cubus †\|Enel Cubus †]] and his disappearance. Ebis isn't able to help with a lot of details but points him in the right direction to find out more. After this, Chenris leans in and asks about him transforming in to [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Mordecai's Backstory & Family/Claribelle Reverence †\|Claribelle Reverence †]]. Ebis denies knowing anything about this but after some pushing he gets up locks the door and transforms into the leader of [[Groups & Factions/Religious Organisations/The Red Cult\|The Red Cult]], then quickly into Suicide bomber from the airship. He then switches back into to Ebis, unlocks the door and says "And no one will believe you". Chenris tries to calmly walk out and as soon as he is out of earshot of Ebis he runs like hell to his books to to figure out what he just saw. )

(x:: He run past the group with [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus]], who've never seen him run so fast before and when they catch up they asks what is room. Chenris is in full conspiracy theory mode as he is putting together pieces and tries to explain what he saw. Korrigan checks his mind and finds that not just chenris but everyones minds have been read, but it is unclear when they were read. They go outside for fresh air. )