---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/session-47/","updated":"2025-09-20T11:37:55.917+01:00"}
---

**Session Date:** 3rd Sep 2025 
**Saga**: 6th Saga - Name Pending
**Attendance**: [[The Party/Other Party Members/Meta/Rowan Hales\|Rowan Hales]],[[The Party/Other Party Members/Meta/Tom Brothers\|Tom Brothers]],[[The Party/Other Party Members/Meta/Caleb Hamlet\|Caleb Hamlet]],[[The Party/Other Party Members/Meta/Jae Knight\|Jae Knight]]

# Session Summary 


Summary to be written

# Full Session Notes
The party landed in the outskirts of [[Locations/OFC/Blackwall/Blackwall\|Blackwall]] down a cramped alley via the dwarvern teleporter, the air was silent and the streets deserted. The party ventured towards the centre of the city, concerned with the lack of activity and the eerie ambiance. As they reach the main street, they see remnants of a parade strewn down the road, effigies of the party lay broken on the floor surrounded by torn white and gold banners with bodies littered across the ground in front of them. [[The Party/Viktor Malkovich\|Viktor]] walks up to one of the bodies with confidence, analysing the cause of death in great detail. He straightens his posture declaring "I believe the cause of death are these 20 stab wounds". [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] and [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] discuss the next course of action, with Mordecai warning everyone to be on guard as they are ensure of the true events that had unfolded. Viktor crouches down in front of one of the bodies, grasped the skull on his cloak and cast Raise Dead. The body gasps back to life, the stab wounds quickly sewing themselves back together. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] begins questioning the person, gathering that the parade was interrupted by "people who wanted the cult gone". Mordecai continues their rizz while Viktor grapples with why the party is worshipped as saviours. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mord]] explains that the cult was mostly started by [[The Party/Other Party Members/Steve Ulan\|Steve Ulan]] and to mords sheer delight, [[The Party/Viktor Malkovich\|Viktor]] exclaimed that he knew [[The Party/Other Party Members/Steve Ulan\|Steve Ulan]] and was at the [[Locations/OFC/Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)\|OFC]] to treat his war injury (being a stubbed toe when Steve fled). [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mord]] presses more questions about the attackers and does not glean any additional useful information. Meanwhile [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] and [[The Party/Viktor Malkovich\|Viktor]] discuss the ability to bring back the dead, with [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] excited to try dying so he can be bought back, an idea that [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mord]] did not agree with.

[[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] exclaims that [[The Party/Viktor Malkovich\|Viktor]] could of bought [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Kal The Korrigan †]] back to life, with [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] claiming that there wasn't much left to bring back. Viktor asked "Are you talking about your friend?" with [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mord]] replying sarcastically "No I'm talking about the man down the street." "What man down the street?" [[The Party/Viktor Malkovich\|Viktor]] replied sincerely, turning on his heel to peer down the road behind them, catching a glimpse of a shadowy figure running down one of the side alleys. "Is it that man?" Viktor cocked his head at [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mord]] and received a worrying reply "Nooo I think that's one of the bad men...". [[The Party/Viktor Malkovich\|Viktor]] casts Storm Door, disappearing into a cloud of darkened clouds and crackling lightening and teleported rapidly down the street towards the figure. [[The Party/Viktor Malkovich\|Viktor]] appears down an alley in a flash of lightning, quickly realising he was surrounded by 8 shadowy figures. [[The Party/Viktor Malkovich\|Viktor]] quickly teleported back to the party and informed them of what he saw. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]], [[The Party/Viktor Malkovich\|Viktor]] and [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] start to plan how to interact with the figures. The figures spot them and begin to raise their crossbows, the party begins to prepare for a confrontation until suddenly the wall next to them explodes outwards revealing a white and gold dwarvern golem burst through the wall and rapidly took care of the attackers. The golem turned and looked at the party stating "Mission Complete, please follow." The party decided to follow the golem, with [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] figuring out that the golem was one of the automatons sent from [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Old Earthgrog\|Old Earthgrog]] by the party.

The party walks further along the street towards the palace, seeing more and more dead bodies strewn along the cobbled floor with broken golems appearing the closer they got to the palace. The palace itself was heavily fortified with shrewd metal spikes extruding from its exterior surrounded by golems on guard. Inside the palace, there is immediately quite a few people set up on temporary beddings across the vast halls and chambers of the palace. The party is directed into the council chamber, drinking in the scenery of desperation and survival laid bare by the refugees inhabiting the building as they travelled up the stairs to the room. Upon entering they immediately recognise [[The Party/Other Party Members/Steve Ulan\|Steve Ulan]] and [[Named Characters & Beasts/Keith Horrigan\|Keith Horrigan]] crowded around a large map of the city along with a few soldiers and golems. Steve spots the party and guiltily looks away until [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] approaches  him and fires off a barrel of questions "Steve what is going on?" "We just got attacked by a bunch of shadowy figures, who are they?" "Why is everyone dead?". Steve begins to stutter and explain how the carnage they witnessed came to pass. He explained that they planned a parade to boost moral and most people seemed happy, everyone was partying and there were fireworks. Steve presses further, describing people appearing out of the shadows saying the cult was bad and brainwashing people, a little non lethal fight broke out until a group of golems appeared stating they were sent to protect Blackwall. Steve clears his throat before stating "while i was trying to defuse the situation, the golems slaughtered all of the rebels, so that was a bit of a disaster so that wasn't good for moral. So I was like okayyy everyone get back into the palace... We are happy I think". Steve continues to explain that he believes the other settlements are okay due to receiving continuous supplies from them. Mord stares at him blankly and begins to grill Steve about the golems despite his lack of control over them, Steve begins to explain that a man covered in burns with half his body missing (Mord's Dad) turned up a couple of weeks ago. Steve also points out that the party does not have rooms anymore as they are used for refugees.

"The jist is, we fucked up and we have to fix it" [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mord]] states looking at the party. Steve and Mord's conversation heats up as Mord try's to explain that the rebels are people with families and more care should be taken. "I regret coming with you..." Viktor exclaims to the party, and alerting Steve to his presence "Oh you came back, my leg is all better now so you can go away" Steve said with his usual charm.  [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] and [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mord]] explain that Viktor is a very good doctor and should help with the injured, Steve explains that there is only the dead as the Harpy had healed everyone. Steve explains that the harpy came back as he wrote a letter stating he was sorry and had chopped his leg off, he lied. Steve goes on to explain that the Harpy is no longer chained and is living in the centre of town "Consent is sexy" [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai Reverence]] exclaims. Steve begins to ask about the whereabouts of [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Kal The Korrigan †]], [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] urges Steve to sit down as they explain the events of [[Locations/Lost Haven/Lost Haven\|Lost Haven]]. Steve was worried what the cult would think about The Korrigan dying, however he came to the conclusion that they can describe [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Kal The Korrigan †]] as ascended. Viktor attempts to comfort Mord gently saying "To be honest, I did try to bring your friend back but the soul was not willing to return". Further talk takes place about the beliefs of the cult, with Steve arguing that the cult believes the party are gods so why not let them. [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] encourages Steve's delusions saying that technically korrigan was a herald so thats close to a god, to the horror of [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mord]] and [[The Party/Viktor Malkovich\|Viktor]] .
Steve suggests the best course of action is to kill them all, the party disagrees and counter argument that it was their idea to leave Steve alone which is "not a good idea". 

The party decide to retire and prepare for sleep, with [[The Party/Viktor Malkovich\|Viktor]] deciding to walk the perimeter of the building using his latent abilities to search for undead. During his investigation he notices [[The Party/Aiden Knight\|Aiden Knight]] sneak away from the palace and slink into the shadows of the main street. Viktor throws the door to the palace open "Wurinn, Mordecai, your friend is being an idiot!". Viktor explains the situation and casts death ward on both [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mord]] and [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] as they head into the streets.  [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] seems incredibly keen to test the power of the death ward.

Aidan notices a few shadowy figures down one alley, all crouched down and looking at the book. [[The Party/Aiden Knight\|Aiden Knight]] sneaks closer to the figures to eavesdrop, using eldritch magic to become invisible in the shadows. He overhears the words "So these are the schematics, we just point it at the palace and then we are done". He tries to peer at the schematics but a combination of the darkness and the distance made it impossible. He steps forwards to have another look, becoming visible, he is immediately spotted and quickly becomes invisible again. The figure that spotted him expresses confusion and walks closer to where aidan was to investigate, [[The Party/Aiden Knight\|Aiden Knight]] cleverly uses minor illusion to create a distraction to escape. He slips away just in time, running into the party further down the road. Aidan quickly caught the party up on what he saw and heard, the party decided they needed to go and get the schematic. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mord]] smirks and pulls out their disguise kit to [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]]'s delight, Mord begins to dress Drache up in drag to distract the rebels.

The party heads down the alley with [[The Party/Other Party Members/Dragche\|Dragche]], Aidan travelled across the rooftops to attempt to get a better advantage in stealing the schematic. Drache goes first and cooes at the rebels "Excuse me guys! You look like big strong men who know their way around the city!" (NAT 20) the rebels drop their bags which included the schematics and run up to dragche. Dragche begins to charm the group of rebels, convincing them to take them to their hideout for safety. During this, Aidan uses his time abilities to quickly jump down the building and grab the bag before retreating. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mord]] disguises himself up as one of the rebels and slowly joins in with the group. [[The Party/Other Party Members/Dragche\|Dragche]] hooks his arm around the beefiest rebel and is escorted to the other side of town. They eventually get to an old building that required a secret knock to enter along with the password "Fairytale", before venturing into the building [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mord]]  explained to the rebels that himself and [[The Party/Other Party Members/Dragche\|Dragche]] left a bag each in the alley. The rebels were not convinced at first and started to argue with Mord about who gets to go with [[The Party/Other Party Members/Dragche\|Dragche]]. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mord]] starts to explain to the beefy rebel that he saw [[The Party/Other Party Members/Dragche\|Dragche]] first so he has first dibs, "Don't worry boys there's plenty of me to go around" Dragche bats his glorious eyelashes at everyone. The beefy rebel decides to join them and escort them personally while sneering at Mord. The three of them head back to the alley where [[The Party/Viktor Malkovich\|Viktor]] and [[The Party/Aiden Knight\|Aiden Knight]] are hiding down, with aidan staying on the rooftops. When they get to the alley, [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mord]] points to an area in the dark explaining the bags are there. Viktor wearing a plague doctor mask channels a powerful curse at the beefy rebel from his hiding place. Mordecai immediately grabs onto the rebel and casts shocking grasp that was amplified by Viktor's magic. "Ooo didn't know you were into that" The rebel sneered at Mord, Drache attempted to cast a sleep spell but it was not strong enough to put the rebel to sleep. The rebel punches Mord and starts to argue which is answered by Mord with "Are you saying I'm not pretty?". The rebel stutters and apologises before saying that Mord is pretty, just before recieving a firebolt to the face. "That wasn't very nice" the rebel stated, seeming genuinely hurt. They have a mini back and forth, with the rebel saying to mord "Are you saying I am not pretty?" [[The Party/Viktor Malkovich\|Viktor]] emerges from the shadows "You are not pretty" he said in a monotone voice before banishing the rebel to a demiplane. The party use the opportunity to retreat to the palace.

The party study the schematics as soon as they could, revealing a large cannon that resembles the same one used in [[History & Events/The War for the OFC's Freedom\|The War for the OFC's Freedom]] by [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Galen Verix ‡\|Galen Verix ‡]]. They eventually decide to get some sleep, waking up in the morning surrounded by a circle of refugees wo were giving the party as much room as they could. Apart from Viktor who awoke covered in sleeping bodies in the corner. Viktor made drinks and food for the party before they woke up, sititng on a singular stool looking out of the window.

BIG 45 MIN CONVERSATION ABOUT THE GODS TO GO HERE. Viktor discovers the parties involvement with the gods to his disgust, viktor begins to have a melt down and flees the room. The party decide to use their time to plan how they are going to deal with the cannon witrh [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] and [[The Party/Aiden Knight\|Aiden Knight]] debating battle strategies. A huge crash shakes the building as the party look outside to see the cannon and a small army of rebels marching down the street, they immediately start evacuating refugees into the palace dungeons with [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mord]] asking [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer]] for advice.  [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer]] says that she can kill all of the rebels and get it over with to Mord's distain. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer]] talks to Mord again, saying "I want to show you something" with seifer taking mrods body outside, opening the doors of the palace and looking down the street. Mord sees a ravenous vulture like humanoid being eating the dead bodies from the parade, the rebels have stopped their advance in horror of the event unfolding. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai Reverence]] mistakens this creature as the harpy, running in to fetch the others to show them what was happening. The party runs outside to see the being feasting on the flesh of the dead, [[The Party/Aiden Knight\|Aiden Knight]] and [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] stand in shock until the harpy emerges from one of the houses, taking one look at the being and rushing forward to attack the creature. The Vulture-being and the Harpy disappear into the sky exchanging blows. The battle resumes, the rebels begin to load the cannon to fire. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mord]] asks [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer]] for help and came to the deal that [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer]] will scare away the rebels in exchange for fried chicken.

Mord begins to lift off the ground with the figure of a large phoenix burning behind him, he holds his head high and looks down at the rebels "I am Sefier, I am the angel of death. I will be your destruction and you shall burn at my hand. Say hello to [[Gods & Heralds/Ignatius/Ignatius\|Ignatius]] when you rot in his dungeons". Mord holds a hand up unleashing a concentrated bolt of fire at the cannon, exploding into a roaring inferno and consuming the rebels, leaving no trace. Mord lands on the ground, still possessed by seifer, and began talking to [[The Party/Aiden Knight\|Aiden Knight]] and [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] . Drache begins to argue with seifer about the method of winning. "Do not speak a word of what happened here to Mord, tell him they survived, that all the rebels ran off when they saw the phoenix. Mord has a very particular opinion of me and this will not go well in their head. Im being nice here, If i wanted too I could take mord and do my plan but he isn't strong enough yet. If you say a word about this to Mord, I will take him from you and kill you all and you can join the rebels burning with Ignatius. Do we have an understanding?". [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] and [[Aidan Knight\|Aidan Knight]] reluctantly agree and Mord regains control of their body. Mord asks what happens, with the party reluctantly explaining that the rebels retreated. Mord is happy  with this fact. Viktor walks around the corner, much calmer and controlled than before and is caught up on the events that transpired.

The party spend the rest of the day cooking fried chicken for Seifer before deciding to gather their things and preparing to leave.



# Trivia & Notes
- This is one of the first sessions [[The Party/Other Party Members/Meta/Sam Gallon\|Sam Gallon]] missed. This was all written by [[The Party/Other Party Members/Meta/Tom Brothers\|Tom Brothers]] (You have been warned)

# Footnotes

