---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/season-4-ignatius-beckons/session-40/","updated":"2025-08-11T11:53:32.483+01:00"}
---

# Session Information
**Session Date:** 1st Jul 2025 
**Saga**: Season 4 - Ignatius Beckons
**Attendance**: [[The Party/Other Party Members/Meta/Sam Gallon\|Sam Gallon]],[[The Party/Other Party Members/Meta/Rowan Hales\|Rowan Hales]],[[The Party/Other Party Members/Meta/Tom Brothers\|Tom Brothers]],[[The Party/Other Party Members/Meta/Caleb Hamlet\|Caleb Hamlet]],[[The Party/Other Party Members/Meta/Jae Knight\|Jae Knight]]

# Session Summary 
After defeating the Angel Under the Well, the party discovered a strange vial filled with shifting magical smoke. Halfbie, driven by curiosity, uncorked it the next morning and fell into a magically induced sleep. Inside the dreamlike realm, they wandered through an ethereal city before meeting Somnora, Goddess of Sleep. The god explained that she had previously aided the party and asked only for lavender as thanks. Upon waking, Halfbie shared their experience, and the party honoured Somnora's request at a dilapidated multifaith church, receiving a boon that allowed them safe rest anywhere.

Later, the group encountered a surreal mock trial by illusionary children on the road and were warned by an unknown voice that they had narrowly missed something important. Eventually, they reached Old Earthgrog, an abandoned dwarven mining town filled with dormant Automatons resembling Bruce. Halfbie reactivated the Automatons using ancient Dwarvish, commanding them to march to Blackwall and deliver a message to Steve Ulan. Exploring the mines, the group discovered a sealed chamber guarded by the Automatons and found a massive golden coffin with buttons. Upon pressing the green one, they awakened a long-dormant soul—Ruldrim Thunderroot, a dwarven commander whose consciousness now lived in an Automaton body.

Ruldrim, shocked to learn how much time had passed, asked to see the graves of his wife and child. The party deduced their remains were back in the wyvern caves and, using old dwarven teleportation tech in the chamber, transported Ruldrim and the room there. In a sombre moment, he found the locket on the woman’s skeleton and confirmed their identities. Grateful for the party’s help, Ruldrim offered his aid should they ever need him.

# Full Session Notes
(x:: [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] stood in silence over the body of the [[Gods & Heralds/Somnora/Angel Under The Well\|Angel Under The Well]]. The room was huge, with people and bodies strewn about the floor and hanging from the ceiling by their legs. The silence broke as [[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]] cried out in pain from battle wounds. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] tried to heal the man but had little magic to spare. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]], still filled with magical vigour, stepped in and released a wave of healing energy over [[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]]. )

(x:: With [[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]] no longer in danger, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] 's curiosity improved, and they began to poke at the [[Gods & Heralds/Somnora/Angel Under The Well\|angel under the well]]'s body. A body that was slowly fading to magical dust. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] told them to leave it alone lest they encounter another [[Gods & Heralds/Vaelrith/Vaelrith\|Vaelrith]] situation. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] looked at them blankly [^1] before complaining that [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|the Party]] never loots the body, and a [[Gods & Heralds/Herald\|Herald]] could have some beneficial items on their quest. Before [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] could protest, [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] said [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] had a point. )

(x:: With a cheeky smile, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] exclaimed that they would do what [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] said, as [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]]'s suggestions are always so dull and get in the way. Before quickly returning to their snooping. Their efforts were rewarded when they found a small vial of black smoke topped with a large cork. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] examined it, but the item was from the gods and was wildly beyond their comprehension. [[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]] stepped forward, cast the spell on Augrey, and learned that opening the bottle would lead to a bad outcome. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] suggested that they put the vial away before something bad happened. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] ignored them and held it up to the light ot get a better view. Examining it closer, they got an intense urge to shake it. Doing so changed the colour of the inside from an inky black to a pearl white. )

(x:: Seeing that [[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]] didn't have it in him to cast [[Admin/Spells/Augury\|Augury]] again, they asserted the best thing to do was to get some rest before and then look into the bottle more. Whatever happened with it, it would be best to take it at full strength. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] let out a sigh of relief. )

(x:: Exiting the cave, they returned to [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Oceanvale\|Oceanvale]] and found a safe spot to set up camp. They all awoke the next morning, saw slightly better, and returned to full health. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] excitedly grabbed the vial and, surrounded by their [[Groups & Factions/Companions\|companions]], uncorked the bottle. As soon as they did so, their bodies crumpled to the ground, completely asleep. [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] rushed over, pulling them up and shouting at them to wake up, to no avail. )

(x:: [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] awoke on a bed. Their entire body was lying on cushions made of duck feathers and silk. Aware they were most likely in [[Gods & Heralds/Somnora/Somnora\|Somnora]]'s domain, they slowly opened their eyes and looked around without drawing too much attention. When they knew the coast was clear, they slowly got up. )

(x:: The place they found themselves was strange and bewildering. The ground did not feel solid but stayed firm beneath each footstep. The smell wasn't familiar but not recognisable, and the sounds felt simultaneously muffled and clear. )

(x:: Cast in a hazy hue, their soundings were simple, with many people around them sleeping on similar beds to theirs. Following the path with their eyes, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]]'s gaze fell upon the impossibly large castle. Looking around, hungry for information, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]]'s body almost unintentionally moved towards the nearest sleeper to wake them up for clues. Shackling them awake, the common woke in confusion and fear, splurting out, "What?! Is it time to wake up?")

(x:: Intrigued, Halbfie asked what they had to be awakened for, but was seriously disappointed when they were told it was for work. Looking around, the commoner began to panic, asking where they were and where their family was. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]], colder than they ever meant to reply, stated they were most likely in the Slumbering Vial. The common had no idea what or where the place was and began to panic before [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] quickly told them this was a bad dream and to wake up. The common was fast asleep after directing them to go back to 'sleep'. With little else to do, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] continued through the plane until they came to the castle. )

(x:: They could see people playing music and being generally merry from the outside. No one was on watch, so they walked in freely. The castle was empty apart from one large room filled with star-like structures surrounding a large purple crystal. The crystal held a vision within [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]], Aidan, [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] and [[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]] floating in space around the view, before they slowly ebbed into the dark as the view is pulled into a bright white light [^2]. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] had no idea what this was showing, but something profound inside them remembered and stored the memory unfolding before them.  )

(x:: [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] instinctively shouted out to their fellow party members, but none seemed to hear or react to their calls. Unsure what to do, they grabbed their notebook and began writing, but each word came out as a twisted imitation of itself. Giving up, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] edged closer to the crystal, as if it was calling them. )

(x:: Looking into the crystal more, they found it now showing a scene they didn't recognise again. This time, it showed from a third-person perspective, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] and [[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]] working together in a Chicken Noodle restaurant. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] was elated at seeing one of their dreams come true. After watching the scene, they suddenly noticed a strange figure slumped on one table. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] tried reaching out to the person and instantly felt their perspective shift to being next to them in the restaurant. The shift would have alarmed [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]], but it felt natural, like something strange in a usual dream.)

(x:: The person at the table awoke suddenly, revealing themselves to a lady with deep and dark eye bags. Her voice seemed to reverberate through the air with authority even amongst the frequent yawns. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] asked if they had just woken up, to which [[Gods & Heralds/Somnora/Somnora\|Somnora]] replied, "I'm constantly awake and asleep. I am all that happens between the living hours.")

(x:: [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] remarked that they understand; most of the time, they struggle to wake up in the morning, especially when it's very early. [[Gods & Heralds/Somnora/Somnora\|Somnora]] smirked, noting they seemed more drawn to this place than most. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] commented that many gods seemed to reach out to them and [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|the Party]], and assuming the person informed of them was really [[Gods & Heralds/Somnora/Somnora\|somnora]], that would be another checked off the list. )

(x:: [[Gods & Heralds/Somnora/Somnora\|Somnora]] nodded, saying, "At the end of every day, you know...That I am here. However hard your day, however long, however painful, you know that I'm always here. I will always be here for your species, for your people, for... your planets. I will always provide a safe space. What would you say I am?")

(x:: [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]], after a moment of thought, simply said, "inevitability?" )

(x:: [[Gods & Heralds/Somnora/Somnora\|Somnora]], slightly taken aback, quickly changed the subject, mentioning how many of their friends seemed to be worried for [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]]. Gesturing to heaven, the world went quiet. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] had begun to hear their [[Groups & Factions/Companions\|companions]] shouting their name repeatedly. Sad they had to leave so quickly after arriving, they started making an awkward farewell. [[Gods & Heralds/Somnora/Somnora\|Somnora]] passively said, "It's ok, maybe next time you'll remember")

(x:: Confused, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] asked what they were talking about. [[Gods & Heralds/Somnora/Somnora\|Somnora]] explained, "We've met before, we'll meet again. Please tell your Party to thank me. For warning them")

(x:: There was a moment of confusion before [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] linked what [[Gods & Heralds/Somnora/Somnora\|Somnora]] was talking about [^3], immediately stepping back and thanking them for their help. And asked if there was any way [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|the Party]] could properly thank her for her help. [[Gods & Heralds/Somnora/Somnora\|Somnora]] simply requested that [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|the Party]] leave some Lavender at their altar when possible. Plants don't really grow where they live, and they love flowers. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] nodded and returned to the waking world. )

(x:: In the waking world, [[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]] [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] and [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] try to desperately wake up a sleeping [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]]. [[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]], beginning to panic, decided to try hitting [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]], knowing their punches also did psychic damage, they assumed that it would have at least some effect on a spell about dreaming. After no reaction to the first punch, Kerrigan hit [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] for a second one. After no response again, he began winding up for a third punch but was stopped by [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]], worrying for [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]]'s health.)

(x::Confused, [[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]] grabs [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]]'s arm and tries to use it to hit [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]]. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] casts a [[Admin/Spells/Shocking Grasp\|shocking grasp]] to stop Kerrigan from doing this, leading [[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]] to loudly exclaim, "How can you hurt a member of your party?!" before promptly turning around to slap [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] again. )

(x::[[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] let out an elongated sigh, muttering about how the definition of madness is doing the same thing repeatedly, expecting a different outcome, before getting annoyed that it had fallen upon them to be the voice of reason. [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] only chucked saying, "i mean thats fin, [[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]] is the definition of madness". [[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]] nodded approvingly before returning to shout at [[The Party/Halfbie\|halfbie]]. Suddenly, the elf awoke; however, celebrations were cut short, and [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] cried out in pain, unsure whether they should clutch their stomach or head. )

(x::After [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] recovered from the pain, they explained, very matter-of-factly, that they had met [[Gods & Heralds/Somnora/Somnora\|Somnora]], meeting [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|the Party]]'s surprise by queering if this really was a weird experience for [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|the Fatebreakers]], to which they all had to admit that it unfortunately wasn't. When asked what they talked about, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] explained how [[Gods & Heralds/Somnora/Somnora\|Somnora]] felt that [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|the Party]] was indebted ot them and how they had helped [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|the Party]] with prophetic dreams a week ago and hadn't had a single thanks for it. Upon [[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]] hearing that the goddess wanted lavender, he snuck away to find some [^4]. )

(x::Strangely, [[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]], usually very good with all things plants and nature, confused lavender with some brambles. He immediately recoiled in pain, and they all ran over to find [[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]] on the ground with a bleeding thumb. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] instantly identified the lavender, which coincided with the bramble bushes. [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] then asked [[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]] if there was anything he could do to help with the pain. Korrri pointed to a different thorny plant and said it should help; it, in fact, didn't. )

(x::With the lavender in hand, they returned to [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Oceanvale\|Oceanvale]], hoping to find a multifaith church in the town. Entering, they found the city was now less empty than before, but many were still concerned and worried about their loved one who were still missing. Before [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] could interject, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] had already approached a nearby guard, and judging by the insignia on the armour, they were one of the flaming sons. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] approached the guard and explained that they were a friend of [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Kaelis Ignithar\|Kaelis]] Ignithar. The guard didn't believe them until [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] showed him the bell used to contact [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Kaelis Ignithar\|Kaelis]] Ignithar. )

(x::With the guards' trust, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] explained in detail how the [[Gods & Heralds/Herald\|herald]] had kidnapped all the missing townsfolk and where to find them. The guard looked at the boy in disbelief as he assumed the heralds were nothing more than children's stories. By this point, [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] had caught up and tried to explain that [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] was strange and that most of what they said should be disregarded. Taking offence, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] used [[Admin/Spells/Minor Illusion\|minor illusion]] to create a model of the [[Gods & Heralds/Herald\|herald]]; however, this did not help the guards' shrinking belief in the elf. After [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] smoothed everything over, the guard quickly ran off, claiming that this was just the thing [[the flaming suns\|the flaming suns]] needed to win favour in the town and take over. )

(x::With that out of the way, [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|the Party]] continued on and found a multifaith church. The building was old and rotting, and the inside wasn't much better, as it was completely empty and dilapidated. On the far end were 4 altars. One was dedicated to [[Gods & Heralds/Aeloria/Aeloria\|Aeloria]], one to [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|Chronovorus]], one to [[Gods & Heralds/Somnora/Somnora\|Somnora]] and the last to [[Gods & Heralds/Eldros/Eldros\|Eldros]]. They approached the altar and laid the lavender on it. They all turned to [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] and asked him to pray. After doing so, the lavender vanished, and [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|the Party]] felt a rush of strange energy wash over them. As [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] was the one to pray, he immediately knew that this was a boon from [[Gods & Heralds/Somnora/Somnora\|Somnora]] and would allow them to sleep anywhere and not fear the consequences. )

(x::[[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] quickly got up and began to leave. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] stopped and said they had an idea. They began to write down the events of what they saw in [[Gods & Heralds/Somnora/Somnora\|Somnora]]'s celestial plane. They then put that on [[Gods & Heralds/Aeloria/Aeloria\|Aeloria]]'s altar and prayed. This led to [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|the Party]] receiving a new boon that told them about all the interesting things in the area.)

(x::While this happened, [[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]] turned to Aidan and asked how they felt after the last possession. [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] had been so busy that they didn't have the chance to talk. Aidan admitted that his biggest fear was having it happen again and doing severe damage. He reassured [[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]] that his number one goal was to find a way to fix it. he then relented that before all of that, they needed to go to [[Locations/Lost Haven/Lost Haven\|Lost Haven]], something [[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]] admitted that he was pretty worried about. )

(x::[[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]] explained that although he knew he had to kill a kind, he had no idea why his past self would need to do that. [[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]] tried to reason that maybe he could let the kind go, but [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|the Party]] wasn't so sure, as they had never seen such hatred before [[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]] had spoken about the king of [[Locations/Lost Haven/Lost Haven\|Lost Haven]]. )

(x::[[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] told [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|the Party]], after their prayer, that the most interesting thing in the area is an old dravern settlement called [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Old Earthgrog\|Old Earthgrog]] and explained how it came up in a few history books [^5] and might hold something interesting. [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] soon all agreed, and they set off for [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Old Earthgrog\|Old Earthgrog]]. )

(x::Along the way, they encountered a child standing in the middle of the road who shouted, "HULT, YOU'RE UNDER ARREST."  [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]], [[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]], and [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] immediately raised their hands in mock serenity. At the same time, [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] asked what charges they were being arrested for. The child simply said, "for being a stinky head. "They were then taken before another child in a clearing acting as a judge. So began a mock trial. )

(x::The judge explained they were accused of being too stinlky, the evidence? The child stood up and sniffed the air before gagging at the 'smell'. [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] managed to win the trial by bribing the judge with [[Other Information/Gold\|gold]] and finery. As they were leaving. [[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]] spotted the judge wink at him before leaving. Kerrigan, immediately curious, was shocked into spying and tried to spy on them. As soon as he approached, the children disappeared in a puff of smoke, and a voice rang out in [[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]]'s head that sinisterly said, "You were so close, if only you had just been nice to them". Kerrigan couldn't recognise the voice and returned to [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|the Party]] defeated.)

(x::They soon reached [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Old Earthgrog\|Old Earthgrog]]. It was an old-fashioned mining town swarmed with Automatons similar to [[The Party/Other Party Members/Bruce\|Bruce]]. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] suddenly felt very nostalgic again and immediately approached one and said hi. The Automaton outputted an error. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] then tried to say hi in ancient Dwarvish. The Automaton immediately looked their way and asked if the fighting would soon continue. )

(x::[[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]], seeing an opportunity to get [[Locations/OFC/Blackwall/The Black Tower\|the black tower]]'s [[Other Information/Gold\|gold]] back, explained that there was some fighting and Automaton needed to meet them at [[Locations/OFC/Blackwall/Blackwall\|Blackwall]]. The Automaton didn't recognise the name, so [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] had to explain where they needed to go with directions. Once the Automaton understood. It and every other Automaton began marching to [[Locations/OFC/Blackwall/Blackwall\|Blackwall]]. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] quickly stuck a note on one addressed to [[The Party/Other Party Members/Steve Ulan\|Steve Ulan]] explaining all of this and to wait for them to get back to start trying the [[Other Information/Gold\|gold]] back.)

(x::[[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] smugly explained their genius plan before they all went inside the mines, which were essentially the only notable thing in the town. Inside, they approached the first person they could find and asked him to point them in the direction of the man who ran the mines. He gave them complex and annoying instructions on how to get to [[Named Characters & Beasts/Paul\|Paul]], who ran the mines. After following the instructions, they returned to the same room they started in. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] immediately connected the dots and greeted the man as [[Named Characters & Beasts/Paul\|Paul]]. he chuckled and returned the greeting.)

(x::After a quick chat, [[Named Characters & Beasts/Paul\|Paul]] revealed that there was an area of the mine that none could get to as all of the Automatons in the area guarded it, hurting and even killing people who got too close. [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] convinced him to take them there, where they were confronted by an empty corridor. They then quickly entered a set of heavy doors at the other end of the corridor. On the other side was a ginormous circular room. In the middle was a large coffin ornamented with [[Other Information/Gold\|gold]] and intricate carvings. Around the outside of the room were many, many Automatons in what seemed to be a low power state. Approaching the coffin in the middle, they found it had three buttons on it. One red, one orange, one green. )

(x::[[The Party/The Korrigan\|Korrigan]] immediately pressed the orange button and a robotic, robotic sounding voice asked if they were sure they wanted to eliminate the 'spesiman'. Pressing the red button led to all of the Automatons powering on but not moving. Finally, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] pressed the green button, and the robotic voice changed to a much more natural-sounding one that sounded like it was stretching as it expressed how nice it was to move again. They quickly noticed that a few of the Automatons began to move as if they were stretching. )

(x::One of them approached and thanked them, waking him up, and asked how the war effort was going. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] explained everything they knew from history books, leaving the 'Automaton' incredibly, saying it explained that he was actually a Dwarf called [[Named Characters & Beasts/Ruldrim Thunderroot\|Ruldrim Thunderroot]] and had been to sleep in this room. Drawvern science, then let him live on in one of the automatons. The realisation then of his Ruldrim, if it had been several hundred years since the dwarf's defeat, then his family was most likely dead.)

(x::It began to weep, but no tears came from the Automaton's eyes. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Ruldrim Thunderroot\|Ruldrim Thunderroot]] then asked if it would be possible for him to see his wife and child's graves. After a few questions, they realised that his wife and child were most likely the ones found in the hidden rooms in the Wyverns' cave. They lamented that that would be a long journey in the wrong direction. Ruldrim then revealed that towards the end of the war, his people had created a time machine, and although the time-travelling Party was missing or destroyed, he could still teleport this room if he was given the right coordinates. )

(x::They soon teleported to the cave. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Ruldrim Thunderroot\|Ruldrim Thunderroot]]'s metal body slowly made its way through the ruins of [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Steelwick/Iron Forge\|Iron Forge]], where it soon found the skeletal remains of a mother and child. The locket around the mother's neck with a picture of a happy family confirmed this was his husband and child. After a long moment of silence, [[Named Characters & Beasts/Ruldrim Thunderroot\|Ruldrim Thunderroot]] turned to [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|the party]], saying they had done him a great service and that he would be there for them if there was anything they needed. )

# Trivia & Notes
- [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] officially unlocked teleportation by finding and befriending [[Named Characters & Beasts/Ruldrim Thunderroot\|Ruldrim Thunderroot]]

# Footnotes

[^1]: [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]]  received a memory form [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]]

[^2]: This is [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]]'s perspective at the end of [[Session Notes/Season 3 - The Worst Diplomates/Session 25\|Session 25]]

[^3]: This is referencing the events on [[Session Notes/Season 4 - Ignatius Beckons/Session 36\|Session 36]].

[^4]: [[The Party/Other Party Members/Meta/Tom Brothers\|Tom Brothers]] describe this movement like [this GIF](https://giphy.com/explore/homer-back-into-bushes)

[^5]: They are referencing the [[History & Events/Battle of Earthgrog\|Battle of Earthgrog]]