---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/02-the-war-for-the-ofc-s-freedom/session-06/","updated":"2025-08-29T22:44:56.843+01:00"}
---


[[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai Reverence]] woke up in [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The Dawn Empire\|the dawn empire]] , [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Dawnhaven/Dawnhaven\|Dawnhaven]] still absolutely drunk while the rest of the party nursed rather severe hangovers. [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Kal The Korrigan †]] is acting suspicious, some of his memories had started to return and tries to get everyone to stay in the adventurers guild so Drache stays with him to make sure he’s doing okay. The rest of the party (Mordecai, [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]] and [[The Party/Aiden Knight\|Aiden Knight]]) go and explore the city, with Drache requesting them find somewhere with good food.

The trio run into a very professional looking looking guild with recruiters outside. The [[Groups & Factions/Ivory Crest\|Ivory Crest]] claim to be a good organisation dedicated to freeing slaves and helping the poor but interests Chenris by also saying there’s a signing bonus of 500 gold. Mordecai is generally being a menace and Chenris pretends to actually not know who he is and goes in to try and get more money.

Inside the Ivory Crest they offer Chenris a very suspicious coffee and Chenris drinks it (luckily) with no effect. The guild are very cagey about their code of ethics and overall give very suspicious vibes so Chenris decides that he will “think on it and be back tomorrow” and noped the fuck out of there. 

They find themself in a very grungy looking tavern, called the [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Dawnhaven/The Silent Shade\|The Silent Shade]], and Mordecai suggests more drinks which Chenris immediately declines. A goblin approaches the party to get them to do a quest but the party are fantasy racist and decline because too many times has this party been scorned by the [[Groups & Factions/Goblin Mafia\|Goblin Mafia]].

In the adventurers guild Korrigan and Drache have a therapy session to try and figure out why Korrigan didn’t want to exist outside in [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The Dawn Empire\|The Dawn Empire]] Empire. Korrigan explains how he used to be in the [[Groups & Factions/Ivory Crest\|Ivory Crest]] and explains (to no one’s surprise) that it is a thieves guild that pretends to be a good organisation to trick people to be in service to them for years of their life, korrigan was tricked by them and worked for them for 6 years , starting 9 years ago . Korrigan finally realises his mistake of letting the drunk and two money obsessed fiends go out uninformed and they go out to try and find their friends.

The streets were busy, eventually splitting up Drache and Korrigan on their search for the others. Drache runs into a person claiming to run an organisation that frees slaves and does good…absolutely no alarm bells ring in the empty space where his brain is meant to be. There’s a big faff around with the contract as it’s a blank piece of paper that just has a dotted sign here line. 

MEANWHILE Korrigan finds the group and relays them the information pertaining to the fact that the Ivory Crest is an evil organisation. The entire group remark how they’re so glad that Korrigan told Drache first because the organisation seemed really geared towards tricking people like him (dramatic irony at its finest). They rush to the place where they found the ivory Crest last to find that they’d taken down the sign to their organisation and Drache was nowhere to be seen. The party deduct that Drache was clearly inside and about to sign the contract. 

Chaos ensues.

Chenris tries to convince the person on guard to let him in because he’s now ready to sign the contract but they won’t let him in because someone else was signing rn (party start to panic as its defo Drache as big himbo hours). Mordecai uses prestidigitation to make the sound of soldiers marching towards the group but only one of them scarper. Chenris tries to break the window. Mordecai eventually uses [[Admin/Spells/Minor Illusion\|minor illusion]] to make it look like guards were approaching which eventually scares off the rest of the crest members. Aidan picks the lock, then Chenris dramatically bursts open the door with Thaumaturgy and yet it’s too late. Despite Drache struggling on every letter of his name, the party is still too slow in stopping him sign his entire name and bind himself to this institution.

Immediately any negative thought of the Ivory Crest was replaced with love and admiration. All Drache wanted to do was exactly what the organisation wanted him to do, completely brainwashed. Korrigan looked super distressed yet at quiet acceptance at the loss of his friend to the organisation he fought so hard to be free of. The recruiter whispered in Draches ear, poisoning him against the party.  

Mordecai has to play the “I’m sick you have to look after me” card to hit the mum friend overdrive and is then violently hungover and vomits everywhere fr lol.

They rest in the adventurers guild and venture to the temple of [[Gods & Heralds/Seraphina/Seraphina\|Seraphina]] to try and cure Drache. Chenris decides to go to [[Gods & Heralds/Aeloria/Aeloria\|Aeloria]]'s temple instead and walks the correct direction to get there (the rest of the party was shaken). 

### [[Gods & Heralds/Seraphina/Seraphina\|Seraphina]]'s Temple
(x:: The two big Rizzmeisters (Korrigan and Mordecai) drag Drache to the temple to ask for her help in fixing him. Seraphina says that it interferes too much for her to do so but fixes Mordecais killer hangover. Korrigan then remembers the celestial phrase that Terrance Witherfeather used when he freed Korrigan from the ivory Crest years ago and found that it kinda put Drache into stasis.)

### [[Gods & Heralds/Aeloria/Aeloria\|Aeloria]]'s Temple
(x:: Chenris and Aidan went to Aeloria’s temple and Chenris was offered the exact location of the wizard in exchange for him not remembering where he was from. Chenris renegotiated with the Goddess for a more general location of where Terrance was in exchange for his knowledge of his family home.)

(x:: They reconvene and go talk to [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Galen Verix ‡\|Galen Verix ‡]] to talk politics. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/The Auditors/Xekai\|Xekai]] greets them there and warns them not to bullshit anything and Chenris does all the appropriate etiquette things because turns out he was a Nobel this entire time)

### First Meeting with [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Galen Verix ‡\|The Emperor]]
(x:: [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] first met him when summoned them through employing [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/The Auditors/Xekai\|Xekai]] and [[Groups & Factions/The Auditors\|The Auditors]], who he seems to have a long connection with. Verix, learning of the parties newfound leadership over the [[Locations/OFC/Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)\|OFC]] invited them over to tell them that he was going to walk into the [[Locations/OFC/Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)\|OFC]] and to accept his arrival or die trying to stop him. After some questions, it was eventually revealed he wanted the are because due to its strategic importance  in the fight against [[Locations/Ehobel/Ehobel\|Ehobel]] as well as it access to the seas. )

(x:: [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]], initially suggested that the people of the [[Locations/OFC/Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)\|OFC]] could leave and find another place to call home, however, [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Galen Verix ‡\|Galen Verix ‡]] hated this idea due to potential uprising that could happen in the future - which he absolutely couldn't allow. After some pondering, Chenris suggested that using [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Galen Verix ‡\|The Emperor]]’s propaganda team to make [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Galen Verix ‡\|the emperor]] sound merciful like here cares for the people of the [[Locations/OFC/Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)\|OFC]]. Suggesting that they could say that [[Locations/Ehobel/Ehobel\|Ehobel]] might have plans to invade the area due to it strategic importance in war. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Galen Verix ‡\|The emperor]] could then move these people to location that he has better ability to control/ gather Intel on the people. He seemed pleased with this idea and allowed [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] to leave, saying his people would be in touch. )

(x:: Finally [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] ended their meeting with [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Galen Verix ‡\|the emperor]], however [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Wurinn Fuuldrusch]] was unaware of royal etiquette and turned his back on [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Galen Verix ‡\|the emperor]] leading to him being filled with rage and [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/The Auditors/Xekai\|Xekai]] having to help Drache do things properly. )
