---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/02-the-war-for-the-ofc-s-freedom/session-07/","updated":"2025-08-11T11:53:32.390+01:00"}
---

# Session Summary
The party decides to head to the Uvam Dynasty to urgently unbrainwash Drache but first takes on a quest in New Hall, where people have been mysteriously disappearing. Upon arrival, they encounter exhausted guards who let them in without issue. At the tavern, the party questions the locals about the disappearances but finds no helpful information, raising their suspicions. That night, they experience unsettling dreams of a faceless angel, the Angel Under the Well, lifting them above a wall of screaming faces. Some party members remember the dream, leaving everyone feeling uneasy.

The next day, they investigate the town further by posing as surveyors. Mordecai’s mention of the faceless angel to a dock worker leads to confusion, and another villager suggests there might be something wrong with the water. The party considers jumping down the well but hesitates. After talking to unaffected guards, they learn that two guards went missing while investigating a house. Upon visiting the house, they find Captain Brookes living there under a spell. They manage to break the enchantment by bringing him back to the guard tower. Eventually, after a divine nudge, the party descends into the well, where they confront the faceless angel, a herald of an unknown god. The party fights bravely but is ultimately defeated. Despite this, they decide to spike the town's water with a potion from the Ivory Crest to make the townspeople more suggestible and successfully evacuate the town. With the town behind them, they continue their journey to the Uvam Dynasty to save Drache.

# Full Session Notes
The party decide they’re going to the [[Locations/Uvam Dynasty/Uvam Dynasty\|Uvam Dynasty]] dynasty as a sense of urgency to try and unbrainwash [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Wurinn Fuuldrusch]]. They journey to [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Newhall\|Newhall]] that they had a quest for saying that people were going missing and they needed people to discover exactly why and try to hopefully get them back.

The party arrive to the town finding some very tired looking guards who simply are too tired to deal with them and let them in. They venture to the tavern and start questioning people, asking what they know about the people going missing. People inside the town seem to not know anything about anything relating to the disappearances. 

Weirded out, the party go to bed in the tavern with a weird feeling that something sinister is happening in the town. They dream that there’s a wall of faces all screaming at the party to save them. A giant angel with no face grabbed each of them and lifted them high above the faces. When they woke up, only some people remembered their dreams however all of them felt not well rested and even more weirded out than before.

They made their way to the docks to investigate if anyone else had this strange dream, posing as people doing a town wide questionnaire about general town welfare. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai Reverence]] makes the mistake of mentioning the faceless angel figure in his dream to a dock man and they think he’s on drugs. 

They talk to another person who reports no weird dreams but seems just as confused and disoriented as the previous people they’d spoken with. He hints that there must be something in the water. They go check the well to see if the water is contaminated with something. They don’t know. [[The Party/Aiden Knight\|Aiden Knight]] suggests jumping down the well but the rest of the party doesn’t think it’s a good idea as they wouldn’t have a way to get back up.

They decide to go talk to the guards again due to the fact that they weren’t affected by the memory loss. The guards inform them that two of their guards went into the town to investigate a house that was from a person who had gone missing and both of them never returned. The party decide to try and find these guys.

They reenter the town and half the party forget why they’d entered, prompting the party to figure out that the town’s boundary must have an enchanted effect on it. Chenris immediately tried to learn where the boundary begun and ended, he theorised that it might just effect the area known as New Hall and went to test his hypothesis. He did this by finding a man who lived in house outside the bounds of the town and asked if had been having any memory problems of sleep issues. he had had neither, proving the theory correct. he retuned and explained his finding to the guards and the rest of the party. They guards then informed them that someone had noticed a house on the edge of town that had been abandoned and seemed to be lived in again, suggesting they could search there to try and find the missing guards. 

(x:: They venture to the house that they were sent to and find [[Named Characters & Beasts/Captain Brookes\|Captain Brookes]] living there as if he had always lived there. The party carried on the bit of doing the questionnaire and found that he thought he quit the guards and moved into this house for a few months now. Inside Korrigan spots a book that had been left on the side table, it had been placed open and face down indicating it was the book the captain had just been reading before the party knocked at his door. Looking closer, korrigan notices that it was written by Merek the wise. He points this out to Chenris subtly, leaving the elf to burn with anger for a moment before masking his rage, like a doctor turns off their emotions,  as to not scare the captain. )

(x:: They manage to convince the caption to go back to the guard tower where he remembers everything as if a spell had been broken. He apologises to the guards and the party but has no idea how everything happened and implores the party to look deeper, suggesting that they should start their search with the well as it is at the centre of town and go from there. While this is happening, Chenris and Korrigan slip into the captain's house and flick through the book only to discover it is an autobiography of [[Named Characters & Beasts/Merek The Wise\|Merek The Wise]] 's 'adventures'. Chenris discovered it described the battle with the wyvern where Kal died. Instead this time it was changed so that Merek and his party did the majority of the work and claimed full credit for defeating the foe. In a fit of rage korrigan took the book and threw it in the fire before leaving to join the others. )

Eventually, the party, try looking into the well and learned that the well doesn't have a bottom to it. The party descended into the well and eventually were faced with the faceless angel from their nightmare. it spoke only in celestial, a language only Korrigan could speak and told them to leave or it would fight them. However, korrigan could not hear well, due to the hearld's magic and was unable to convey this message to the party. soon the herald lost patience and begun to fight the party.

(x:: It was terrifyingly fast and strong, moving through the battle field with relative easy and it landed heavy blows of magic and steel. The party fought valiantly, almost defeating the [[Gods & Heralds/Somnora/Angel Under The Well\|Angel Under The Well]] of an unknown god to them. They however did not survive, with Aidan being the last one standing due to rogues being known for their ability to evade damage. Once all of the party went down a voice echoed in their and the herald's head that said "No this is not where their story ends" and healed them the party and the herald back to full health. The herald spoke to the party in the common tongue, disgusted at having to use such a vile language and said that they best leave not interfere with its plans or suffer the consequences )

The party couldn’t help but interfere. They decided the best thing to do was to spike the town with the potion that they stole from the ivory crest which made people more open to suggestion and organised for the entire town to evacuate. 

With the fear of facing the unknown [[Gods & Heralds/Herald\|Herald]]’s wrath, the party made their way out of this town to venture to the [[Locations/Uvam Dynasty/Uvam Dynasty\|Uvam Dynasty]] Dynasty to try and find the man who could save their friend from the Ivory Crest. As they were leaving, Aiden noticed that his horse was missing and asked the guards nearby if they knew where it had gone. They said the guy the party had left to guard it jumped on and raised away and pointed in the direction of Steelwick. The party realised that Steve had run off with the horse and would probably attempt to murder his father. They quickly came to gather and agree that they should head to Uvam first, as it was on the way to steelwick, and cure Drache before moving to steelwick and dealing with Steve. The idea of helping Steve seemed to piss off chenris, his reasoning being that they had warned the man to not do this and it was his own fault for doing something so stupid. The rest of the party paid no mind to this and said they would saving him either way. not wanting to be away from the party that seemed to encounter interesting  and new information so often, he begrudgingly stays with them mumbling about how hell go with them but won't promise to help with matters to do with Steve.

By this point he party were used to dealing with chenris' antics and ignore him as they continued on to Uvam