---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/season-5-freedom-s-flame/session-44/","updated":"2025-08-30T12:59:15.232+01:00"}
---

# Session Information
**Session Date:** 6th Aug 2025 
**Saga**: 5th Saga - Freedom's Flame
**Attendance**: [[The Party/Other Party Members/Meta/Sam Gallon\|Sam Gallon]],[[The Party/Other Party Members/Meta/Rowan Hales\|Rowan Hales]],[[The Party/Other Party Members/Meta/Tom Brothers\|Tom Brothers]],[[The Party/Other Party Members/Meta/Caleb Hamlet\|Caleb Hamlet]]

# Session Summary 
Mordecai and Chenris lured their Goliath guards into the forest under false pretences and ambushed them inside a magically concealed dome. After killing the guards, Chenris used necromancy to extract information from their corpses, learning that the best route into the palace was via the sewers. Disguising themselves in the Goliaths’ armour by standing on each other's shoulders, they infiltrated the palace and searched for the antimagic field's source. Their path led them underground into an old food storage chamber, where they stumbled upon a massive golden robot powered by a tower crystal and piloted by a tiefling named Sera, seemingly a broken former friend of Korrigan, fused into the machine and consumed by grief and rage.

Mordecai attempted to reason with Sera by referencing Kal, sparking a chaotic battle as she lashed out in fury, believing Kal to be dead. Chenris held back, analysing the situation and identifying the robot as the source of the antimagic field. Though he initially hesitated to strike, fearing for Sera, he eventually fired a disabling shot at the crystal. The battle escalated, with the robot splitting off an arm to chase Mordecai. In the end, Chenris heroically destroyed the power source, sustaining major injuries just as King Malachi arrived, gloated, and knocked him unconscious.

Meanwhile, Korrigan, Drache, and Aiden were preparing for revolution in the slums. After rallying allies, making Molotovs, and coordinating choke points with Tish and Misty, Korrigan sparked the uprising with a fiery speech and a bowshot. Slaves joined the battle, overthrowing guards and spreading chaos. Misty reappeared in deadly fashion, and the group stormed the hunter’s quarters, enlisting the goblin mafia and recruiting a healer. As they pressed forward, they planned to regroup and assault the palace directly, believing Mordecai and Chenris might already be there. The rebellion was in full force, and the party set their sights on the king himself.

# Full Session Notes
(x::[[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] and [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris]] led their two bodyguards into the forest and to the [[Admin/Spells/Leomund's Tiny Hut\|Leomund's Tiny Hut]]. Upon seeing a large opaque orb in the middle of the woods, the [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guards]] were very concerned, but [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris]] was dismissive of the claims and ordered them to follow through. One obeyed and followed suit while [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] tried to make an excuse, saying this was merely a safe place they set up to store their hunting gear while the roughs in the slum were dealt with.)

(x::Once both were within the spells' effects, [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] and [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|chenris]] unleashed their abilities on the [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guards]]. They were both initially confused about why they were being attacked and tried to deal with them by using the blunt side of their weapons, but after some goading by [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|chenris]], they began fighting for real. However, the two were no match for two fully powered-up mages and soon were killed.)

(x::While Chincheris healed himself back to health, [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] suddenly realised that because the goliaths were so big, their armour could not fit them. [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris]] suggested that they could sit on each other's shoulders to wear the armour, and he could use [[Admin/Spells/Speak with Dead\|Speak with Dead]] |to get some answers out of them. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] wasn't convinced, pointing out that they could have just asked the [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guards]] and didn't have to kill them.)

(x::[[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris]] shrugged before casting the spell, calling forth the spirit, and asking them the following questions:)

| Question                                                                                   | Answer                                                                                               |
| :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| What's the best way into the palace?                                                       | "The sewers, my lord - You must be a good swimmer, though."                                          |
| What's the best way into the sewers without being seen?                                    | "Jump into a river, my Lord, and swim under the surface."|
| What is the security in the palace like?                                                   | "Strong, my lord, plenty of [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guards]]."|
| If we wanted to go through the front door, what's the best way without arousing suspicion? | "To meet with the King my Lord or be a [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guard]]"                                                        |
| Describe to me where the Antimagic Field Tower is.                                         | "In a cave under a palace, my lord. We don't know any more than that. We're not allowed down there." |
(x::With the final question answered, the [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guard]]'s corpse fell to the floor in a slump, prompting [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] to comment on how morbid the situation was. [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris]] stated that this was just magic. [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris]] then took the chance to cast [[Admin/Spells/Prestidigitation\|Prestidigitation]] on themselves to clean the blood and the armour from themselves. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] quickly followed suit, complaining about how the blood was sticky and stained everything, expressing confusion about how [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] did it.)

(x::They both decided their best option was to get on each other's shoulders and use the armour to enter the palace easily. [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris]] suggested that [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] should be the head as they were the best at 'all those people things'. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] asked if they would be alright holding up [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]], to which [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris]] stated, "Thank you, my new body is quite a dexturous boy, much better than my old self, so I shouldn't have any problems.")

(x::When removing the [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guards]]' armour, they noticed they both had tattoos on their chests, much like their slave tattoos. [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris]] manages to walk them[[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\| over ]]to the palace gates, but is a bit wobbly. A [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guard]] stops them, casually asking where their next shift was. [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris]] whispers to [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] that they have palace duty next and need to talk to the foreman first. The [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guards]] hear the whisper but assume it's their stomach growling. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] jokes, saying that it was the beans. The [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guard]] laughed, letting them and warning them to get a hold of it, as they didn't want to anger a noble with gross sounds.)

(x::Inside the palace, they were greeted by a brilliant garden with immaculately pruned flower beds and surfaces made of gold and marble. There was even an ornate golden fountain that poured molten gold instead of water. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] commented on how it was a lot, with [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|chenris]] simply stating that rich people often have strange tastes and to ignore them. He explained it was best to keep walking so as not to raise suspicions. He added, "Please don't disrespect Legumes; they're a great source of protein, fibre, and other nutrients." [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] didn't reply; he just rolled his eyes.)

(x::Once inside, [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] asked if [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris]] had any ideas on where to go, as they were once nobles. [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris]] explained that he sadly had no idea, as [[Humans\|Humans]] palaces differed significantly from the eleven. He stated that many [[Humans\|Humans]] palaces did their best to hide their servants from view, so they should look in the servants' quarters if they wanted to get underground. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mo[[Lost Haven Guards]]i]] nodded and walked down a few corridors. As they approached the servants' quarters, they noticed how the gold furnishings got fewer before disappearing as they reached a rickety old door.)

(x::When they entered the room, it was incredibly dark and dirty, with piles of straw for beds. Upon seeing a [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guard]] enter their living quarters, many of the servants ran away, crying out in fear, stunning [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]]. [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|chenris]] prompted them to keep walking, "Although sad, we can't do anything about it until we stop the antimagic field.")

(x::[[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] took a deep breath and continued forward, finding a tiny spiral staircase downward. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] dismounted [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|chenris]], and they dragged the [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guard]]'s armour down the stairs to raise any suspicions. The stairs took them 5 minutes to get to the bottom, where they were greeted with an ancient wooden door with planks of hardwood nailed over it to stop it from opening. There was text written on it reading 'KEEP OUT'.)

(x::[[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris]] used [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]]'s woodcarver's tools to pry the wood off the door without making much noise. He managed to take enough of the wood off to open it, enough for the two to sneak through, though insufficient to bring the armour through. [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris]] pushed it to one side, reasoning that it was best to have it out of the way if they needed to exit quickly.)

(x::The two found themselves in what looked to be an old food storage room, with large jugs of water and rotting food lining the shelves. On the other side of the room was a large cave opening. They quickly approached the entrance and realised it opened up to a sheer drop into a truly massive cave. The cave was lined with many crystals [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|the party]] had previously found around [[Other Information/The Towers\|The Towers]]. Suddenly, two [[Other Information/Lightbearers\|lightbearers]] appeared behind them, whispering "[[Other Information/Lightbearers\|lightbearers]]!" repeatedly. [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|chenris]] sneered at them before turning back to the cave.)

(x::Passing the cave was a ginormous robot constructed entirely out of gold. On top of it was a red [[Sera\|tiefling]], which seemed hardwired into the robot as if its bottom half had been cut off and fused with the machine. The [[Other Information/Races/Tiefling\|tiefling]]'s eyes were filled with rage. The robot's legs alone must have been 4 or 5 [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]]'s tall, and it seemed to be powered by one of [[Other Information/The Towers\|the tower]] crystals, with one glowing brilliantly in the centre of the robot's chest.)

(x::Seeing the [[Sera\|tiefling]], [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] suggested they could reason with it. [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|chenris]] nodded and said he would hold back with the bow and shoot the crystal in the middle if [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] could convince them. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] nodded, quickly climbed into the cave, and began to play their song about the revolution. Notably, the song mentioned the salve [[Kal †\|Kal]] quite a lot. Upon hearing them, [[Sera\|she]] quickly snapped her metal body towards [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] before lunging at them. She began screaming, "[[Kal †\|Kal]]! They killed my [[Kal †\|Kal]]!")

(x::[[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] fived out of the way, screaming that their friend was safe but needed their help. They both realised this must have been one of [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]]'s childhood friends. The [[Sera\|tiefling]] screams that [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] is lying. To convince her, [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] shouts, "You gave him a sword and he was going to kill the king with it!")

(x::The robot seems to falter momentarily as tears run down the [[Sera\|tiefling]] 's face. In the moment of pause before the machine's fists come thundering down, [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] sends them flying to heap on the ground. The machine flares again for a metal voice screams, "i will kill you, i will kill you" However, in the background, a more [[Humans\|Humans]] voice could be heard pleading for [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] to turn away. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] quickly recovers and dives between the robot's legs and takes the chance to gather their soundings. On the other side of the room, they spot a wooden door that seems to be another entrance back into the palace. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] decided their best chance was to get to the door and hope something on the other side could help them.)

(x::Back in the old food store, [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris]] observed from above. He held off from shooting the crystal because it seemed for a moment that [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] would be able to reach the monster. As he watched, he began reading the magic in the area. "No.. it couldn't be," he said, as he realised that an antimagic field was coming from the robot itself. Deep within his body, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] weled with compassion for the [[Sera\|tiefling]]; however, [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|chenris]] pushed that to the side and, with a clinical neutrality, he nooked an arrow on the bow and fired at the crystal, aiming to destroy it.)

(x::Unfortunately, at the last moment, the robot turned, and the arrow hit the crystal at an odd angle and only chipped it. The machine whipped around and grabbed onto the wall as it began to climb up the wall. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] took this opportunity to run for the door. [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|chenris]] tried to shoot nearby crystals but could not make them explode. It soon reached the opening and covered the hole with its hand, showering [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|chenris]] in darkness. With the whole covered, the robot's other arm detached and crawled along the wall to case Mordecai.)

(x::Terrified that an arm was chasing them, [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] kept running. As they ran away, a metal voice rang out, screaming that she knew 'you' killed him and claiming that all salves were the same, the quiet voice pleaded for them to run away again. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] reasoned, "He fell into the ocean, and then he got saved by some [[Other Information/Races/Fey\|fey]] creatures, and then he went on an adventure, and then he met us. And then we travelled around for a bit, and then we came back because he found out that he had lost his memories, but he got them back. And then he really just wants to liberate you guys because he thought you were dead, he watched you die.")

(x::The machine blames them again before shackling [[Sera\|the tiefling]] on top as they scream in pain and anger.)

(x::On the other hand, [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|chenris]] studies it and finds it's been very crudely riveted together. He begins to use his tools to try to pry the metal apart. Eventually, he makes a crack large enough to pour water into it and circles the robot, causing the body to drop to the ground again. From where he was, he heard [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] scream in pain after a large boom as [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] was struck by the hand, knocking them unconscious. Hearing [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]]'s scream gives [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|chenris]] just enough of an adrenaline rush to rip the rest of the metal off, exposing the arm. He found that it has its own core, which is how it can operate separately from the main body.)

(x::The core was a magical object swirled with ancient Dwarish ruins. [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris]] intended to try to reprogram the core but found it would take too much time and magic to do so, two things he didn't have much of at the moment. Instead, he forced the hand to release its grip by powering down. He climbed to the floor and shot the bow at the crystal powering the machine, hitting it dead on. The crystal exploded and smashed the machine into the wall. [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris]] began rushing to [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] to help them.)

(x::As he approached, he watched in horror as the robot's arm began to reach out and grab a crystal from the wall. He shot that one, exploding it. The arm knocked into the wall again, but didn't seem to care as it went for another crystal. [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|chenris]] rushed towards the robot to try and disable the arm, but he could not figure something out before the robot was close to putting another crystal in the machine. With no time left, [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|chenris]] grabbed an arrow and stabbed it into the crystal, destroying the robot and forcing him to take the full brunt of the[[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\| blas]]t.)

(x::[[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris]] was sent flying as his body hit the ground hard.)

(x::His vision began to blur as his ear rang. His arms were like jelly as he fought back against his body shutting down.)

(x::Suddenly, [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Malachi Darkthorne †\|a man in ornate clothes]] and a decorated crown entered the room, cackling wildly. He ordered a [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guard]] to pick up the half-alive [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|chenris]]. He looked at his machine, saying, "It's alright, my pet. You put up a good fight." he then turned to [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|chenris]] "Well, you tried, and that's all we can hope for." And with a cruel laugh, he punched [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|chenris]] unconscious.)

### Drache, Korrigan & Aiden' POV
(x::[[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]] wondered if [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] and [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] would be okay. [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] reassured him that they would, and the water they were using was probably to help the revolution. [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]] agreed and got back to his preparations.)

(x::After helping make the Molotov cocktails, [[Named Characters & Beasts/Misty\|Misty]] drew a detailed map of [[Locations/Lost Haven/Siltwater Slums\|the slums]], and [[Named Characters & Beasts/Tish\|Tish]] pointed out choke points they could use. [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]] turned to Aiden, pointing at the wall where the bow and armour were, and asked him to sneak down to grab them. Aiden nodded, sneaked off, and quickly returned, having not been spotted.)

(x::While Aiden was out, [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]] looked at [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] and said, "Okay, there will be some sort of repercussions. What I did was enough to buy everyone some time. We need to prepare for the worst. It'd be better if we were armed.")

(x::[[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] agrees, "[[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|They']]re not just going to whip us and send us on our way")

(x::"No, no, no. They're going to probably come and find who did it and kill them. So if that comes to it, like I said, I might die," stated with a sense of conviction and duty.)

(x::With a smile, [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] replies, "You're not dying yet; we haven't even started.")

(x::"We will find a little [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guard]] down here earlier, if you think that's a good idea. And we're going to ambush them. And we're going to get them," said [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]] as he began to lay out his plan, "and then we rampage through the streets. I don't know. I'm making this up as I go, Dracker. But I'll be saying inspiring speeches the entire time.)

(x::"So you're planning on starting the revolution right now?" asked [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]], almost excitedly)

(x::"Yes," [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]] stated, "I try to inspire everyone to stand up and fight back like I did before, but I don't want more people to die.")

(x::"I mean, let's be realistic. You're planning a revolution," [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] said with a worried sigh. "People are going to die.")

(x::[[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]] paused for a moment before simply stating, "I don't do realism. I am a fairy man with antlers. I am literally what children dream of in their nightmares.")

(x::They started reviewing the plans and confirmed they would do their best to pick off the garirds one by one, loot the armour and weapons, and use the mines as bastions. They could then push slowly, only taking on challenges when they were nearly confident they could win. [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] nodded in approval. He th[[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|en ask]]ed if they would wait for [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] and [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] to return. He explained that they weren't even sure if the two were alive or dead. [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]] nodded but explained there was nothing they could do about that now, and they just had to trust in their party.)

(x::[[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]] said their only other option was to use their bow to shoot the [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guards]] as soon as they walked in. [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] raised an eyebrow, stating, "Surely now is the time to start the revolution. If all options lead to us dying, why not go out with a fight?")

(x::[[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]] looks at [[Named Characters & Beasts/Tish\|Tish]] and asks if he has any opinions on this. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Tish\|Tish]], looking tired but determined, simply states, "I think it's a [[The Party/Other Party Members/Familiars/Bit\|bit]] late for being passive. I think at this point we have to fight.")

(x::At that moment, [[Named Characters & Beasts/Lull\|Lull]] walked in, and with a huge grin, he said, "We have to fight, no doubt about it.")

(x::For the first time since entering [[Locations/Lost Haven/Siltwater Slums\|the slums]], [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|korrigan]] usual mischievous grin infected his face. "If the old ways didn't work, we'll have to do it the [[Other Information/Races/Fey\|fey]] way.")

(x::As he sat down with the people around him, he discussed his plans to set traps for the [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guards]] to either slow them down or kill them. He also grabbed the bow and began attaching some Molotov cocktails to arrows. He then passed a broken Bootle to [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]], "This is a shiv, he stabs")

(x::With their preparations complete, [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]] told [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] to stand behind him imposingly while he gave his speeches. [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] nodded, and once they both got to a populated square, he stood behind the man [like a bouncer](https://www.pinterest.com/pin/how-to-talk-your-way-past-the-bouncer-every-time--582653270519601087/). [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]] cleared his throat before bellowing out to the crowd, "PEOPLE OF [[Locations/Lost Haven/Lost Haven\|LOST HAVEN]]." Even one, including some guards, turned to look at [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]].)

(x:]]:He swallowed hard before continuing, "I fought in these battles before, and let me tell you now, THE KING IS KILLABLE. It does not matter how high he builds his towers or how thick h[[Lost Have[[Lost Haven Guards\|n Gua]]rds|is wa]]lls are. We will arise again, and we will kill him. Fear is a powerful motivator, which is why he keeps us here. I rose to the rebellion ten years ago. And he thought he killed me. Now I have returned." Korrigean then drew his bow, aiming at the [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guards]], before shouting, "I am KA1 of [[Locations/Lost Haven/Lost Haven\|Lost Haven]], I am [[Kal †\|Kal]] [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Kal The Korrigan †]], [[He[[Lost Haven Guards\|rald]]]] of [[Gods & Heralds/Lorwyn/Lorwyn\|Lorwyn]], and they will all now know fear!!")

(x::He then let loose his arrow, which was embedded in a [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guard]]. The [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guard]] didn't seem affected by this and got out his Javelin, but before he could throw it, all the salves around him jumped on him and scratched at him with their nails savagely. First, they went for his face and eyes before taking the [[Other Information/Races/Goliath\|Goliath]] down. He screamed in pain as he slowly died. They have opened up too many of the [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guards]] in the area.)

(x::[[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] quickly loots the [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guards]] of the armour and weapons, brandishing a greataxe with a grin. Donning the armour, they both begin trudging through [[Locations/Lost Haven/Lost Haven\|Lost Haven]], inspiring more crowds. Suddenly, [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]], amongst the carnage of slave breaking and setting fires to everything, noticed he couldn't see [[Named Characters & Beasts/Misty\|Misty]]. Torn between wanting to protect her and the result, [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]] begins looking for her, throwing Molotov cocktails seting [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guards]] on fire in the process.)

(x::[[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]] continues looking for her in the meantime. However, watching the [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guards]] go up in a blaze of fire, he grabs [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]]'s hand and says, "You are my brother in war. Let do this!!")

(x::[[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] nodded, brandishing his weapon, "In life as in death", before lobbing another Molotov at a group of [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guards]].)

(x::They ca[[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|rried]] on through [[Locations/Lost Haven/Siltwater Slums\|the slums]], noticing that the surprise had worn off and the [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guards]] were starting to fight back and kill slaves. They wondered if one should stay behind and help armoured people up. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Tish\|Tish]] reassuringly puts a hand on [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]]'s shoulder before nominating himself to help the slaves organise. "Aiden and i have got it from here")

(x::They both nodded and thanked him for stepping up. They headed on. [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]] led them both to the [[Locations/Lost Haven/Hunter's Quarters\|hunter's quarters]], still looking for [[Named Characters & Beasts/Misty\|Misty]]. He was about to throw a Molotov at the gates before a black figure jumped down off the wall and sliced the [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guard]]'s throat with a small knife. The [[Named Characters & Beasts/Misty\|Misty]] looked up from her kills and gave the two a beaming smile.)

(x::[[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] gave a hearty belly laugh before commenting, "What a fucking menace!! "Before [[Named Characters & Beasts/Misty\|Misty]] grabbed a key and unlocked the gate, they entered the [[Locations/Lost Haven/Hunter's Quarters\|hunter's quarters]]. They were greeted by members of the [[Groups & Factions/Goblin Mafia\|goblin mafia]], whom they convinced to join their side by letting them have the [[gold\|gold]] after a successful revolt. They rushed off with crude weapons to kill the [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guard]]. [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]] also get them to bring him a healer.)

(x::They bring a doctor over. He's a [[Humans\|Humans]] with slicked-back black hair, pale skin, and a pair of spectacles. After a short look, he tells [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]] to stop whatever is causing his wounds, as it isn't good and rubs an ointment on the injuries. [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]] explains he has an allergy to iron and had no plans to go back after this.)

(x::"Thank you. That's good information right there. I will stop wearing irons on purpose. Would you be able to go..." He grabs the doctor on the shoulder." Would you be able to go and help the slaves? The miners? Heal them when you can? Um... And we will take some hunters and travel to [[Groups & Factions/Luminara\|Luminara]]." The doctor agrees and goes into [[Locations/Lost Haven/Siltwater Slums\|the slums]] with his medkit.)

(x::A few hunters stay behind, ready to help. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Tish\|Tish]] catches up, exclaiming that it's very bloody in [[Locations/Lost Haven/Siltwater Slums\|the slums]]. [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]] points to the doctor, saying that he will help where he can. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Tish\|Tish]] sarcastically replies, "I think it's gonna take a bit more than a doctor to reattach a head!" but thanks him none the less.)

(x::"I don't know. Maybe he's a witch doctor," [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]] said coyly before getting serious again. "Sorry, I should not be joking.")

(x::"I think we need to take off the head of the snake." said [[Named Characters & Beasts/Tish\|Tish]] simply.)  
(x::"Yeah, I mean, there's leather armour available and bows to us now. We could always redirect more of the slaves here. A tactical retreat.")

(x::"Yes, let's do that," said [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]], "[[Named Characters & Beasts/Tish\|Tish]], do you know where we had some magical weapons taken from us. Do you know where they would be?")

(x::"The only place I can assume is the palace," he replied, "and Anything magical gets kept there.")

(x::"It looks like we're going for the big boy, eh?" said [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]]. Let's hope [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai]] and [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] haven't gotten to him first!! " before they laughed.)

(x::Walking towards the gate, [[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]] turns to [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]], "Okay, no holding back, [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]]. I've seen the rage within you. Unleash it. You are a tempest wrapped in silk, my friend.")

(x::[[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] blushes briefly, gripping his weapon. "I made you that promise, Corrigan. I told you I'd do whatever it takes.")

(x::[[The Party/Dead/Kal The Korrigan †\|Korrigan]]'s eyes welled up for a moment, "You're a good friend")

(x::You're a better one," stated [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] with a smile.)

(x::They approached the gate to [[Groups & Factions/Luminara\|Luminara]]. A large group of [[Groups & Factions/Lost Haven Guards\|guards]] stood in front of it, brandishing weapons with steeled determination. 

(x::They kept walking forward, ready to make their message clear: **The [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Malachi Darkthorne †\|king]] would die today.**)